dvd pos 509.txt this exhilarating musical comedy , featuring ( respectively ) the fancy footwork and infectious crooning of gis kelly and sinatra , perfectly captures the optimistic spirit that held sway in the post-world war ii boom . co-starring dancers vera-ellen and ann miller , " on the town " was one of the first color films shot on location in manhattan , and remains one of the grandest , liveliest hollywood musicals ever made . 
camera neg 267.txt i purchased this camera right before we had our first child . needless to say , i would have rather donated the money to charity ! the flash recovery time is ridiculously slow , but that i can live with . the 4 out of every 5 pictures that come out blurry , i can not . now i have a photo album of blurry baby pictures that we can reflect on . needless to say i think we will try a different brand when we purchase our next camera 
books pos 52.txt i expected this to be dry and mechanical like lots of other math texts - too-technical proofs , homework questions irrelevant to the material , insufficient explanations for why things are the way they are . this book really surprised me because it was n't " mathy " at all . it does n't just throw proofs at you expecting you to wade thru page upon page of math notation until you understand - it gives you the intuitive side of important concepts , which means you only need common sense , not an intensive mathematical background to get everything . the examples they picked simplify rather than confuse the concepts . each easily and naturally leads to the next . if there 's anything not thoroughly elaborated , they were sure to cover it in the homework questions , by gently prodding the reader along towards the answer step by step instead of smacking them in the face with impossible problems . homework questions supplement the material perfectly and basically leave you with a full and well-rounded impression of what the concepts mean as well as when and why to use them , not just how to plug numbers into some formula . if anything , i 'd say this book errs on the side of caution in that in some sections it could pick up the pace a little . but then again , you could always just skip the easier parts 
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back 
music neg 363.txt jj , the name of the song you are looking for is " like you like an arsonist " by paris texas 
books neg 897.txt good , but it simply was n't actionous enough . i do n't mind having no action in a book ( otherwise how else could i love foundation so much ? ) , but children was a book that needed to have action in it . unfortunately it did n't really . too much philosophical babble that i had to re-read to get it . slightly reminiscent of card 's later shadow series with the sheer amount of internal monologue . too much about jane , not enough about the pequeninos and barely anything about ender , which annoyed me . to my shock ender 's death did not really impact me in any way , beyond- - " huh ? wait...ender is dead ? " , so little was his role in the book . he probably talked for only about twelve pages altogether . edit : from now on i am never giving a book that i halfway like two stars again because each time , i receive the urge to change my rating to three stars . just keep in mind that while it says two , it means three 
dvd pos 370.txt they just do n't have movies like this anymore . this is not a movie that makes charlie sheen or tom berenger appeal to the young audiences who like flashy stars on sceen . this is amovie to show you the reality of war and experiences that happened to people in the past . charlie sheen stars as a man who volutarily goes to war . this seems odd and he figures out why everyone was looking at him so weird when he was telling them this later in the movie . he finds out alright . keith david plays his friend who tries to keep his spirits up and this is definitely his best role . he cheers him up in a great scene where they get extremely baked . the supporting cast in this movie is unbelievable and no flat performances here . overall this is my favorite movie of all time . it has stood the test of time and never fails when i want to see a good movie . i just have the old special edition , not the 20th anniversary but the extras are very nice . it has a commentary from the direcotor and a seperate one from the military advisor who worked on the film . there is also a lengthy doumentary about the making of and when i saw this i was mroe than glad i got the special edition . you would nto believe what the actors went through ! it is a great making of . 
music neg 318.txt yo gotti in the past can spit some raw ish but on this one , i dunno what happpened.....the production seemed too generic , the rapping was pretty average and generic and not that impressive at all , and doesnt carry much replay value....to be honest , id pop in a three 6 mafia cd rather than this one....album was slacking on so many levels , now theres some tracks that listenable , but the rest make it hard to enjoy this album , nothin special bout it at all...this album waz overhyped i believe and flopped horribly.......gotti can do much better than this.....wouldnt recommend anyone to chek it out.... . 2.5 / 
music neg 724.txt i 'm a " compleat " beatlemaniac , and i do n't mind the political statements at all , but this is a nearly unlistenable record that i have a hard time counting as a serious musical effort or even a real album . i would have loved it if it had been a 7 " single , " woman is the nigger of the world , " with the rest of it just words written in liner notes . after that opening track , the remainder is a serious chore to get through . it 's almost unimaginable that this came out between the excellent " imagine " ( 1971 ) and the solid " mind games " ( 1973 ) , but then again , john was not consistent , in part surely due to his apparent and admirable lack of commitment to being a pop star . love john for the genius he was , his commitment to peace , and the great music he made - - it 's just that there 's barely any of it on this particular record . 
health neg 510.txt does n't work on coarse hairs . does n't remove , only trims . okay for fine light hair- -of course , if you have fine , light hair , you do n't need to try to remove 
music pos 14.txt this is a wonderful , fun and soothing cd ! it will relax children and parents will enjoy it even after the 100th listen ! ! my husband is a musician and he loves both of the dan zanes cds we have . this will now be a gift i give to all my friends and family when they have a baby 
dvd pos 447.txt i have not gotten into watching the dvd as of yet because i am still watching the reruns on tv , but i know i have no qualms with the dvd . i have bought all the series thus far . it is a collection to have in your library if you are indeed a fan 
music pos 606.txt the opening song " cups " by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n't bad either.. . ; - ) 
dvd neg 100.txt this film is boring , so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop . this is a soap opera about politics & oil companies . it 's weird jump around style is confusing & pointless...do yourself a favor and do n't bother w / this garbage 
dvd pos 109.txt great movie and it was a pleasure buying it through amazon 
software pos 939.txt i purchased this product to put 2 cds together . i had never attempted something like this and was a total novice . audio cleaning lab was terrific ! i found it easy to understand and use , with unexpected options that improved the project i was working on . my one word to describe it- - - simple....or maybe...effective...or maybe...straightforward...or maybe...uncomplicated...or maybe...useful...or maybe...valuable...or maybe. . 
dvd pos 189.txt ' big trouble ' has a lot of big things going for it...big laughs , big plot , big cast...and because of all this it loses a peg or two...for there 's just sooooo much for it to keep up with itself...you get somewhat lost in the jumble . the film stars tim allen in the central role , if you could call it that , as a journalist who gets himself and his son ( foster ) thrown into one weirdly twisted plot involving crazed criminals ( sizemore & knocksville ) a hitman ( farina ) a wealthy jerk-off of a man ( tucci ) , the mans wife ( russo ) her daughter ( zooey ) a homeless man that resembles jesus ( lee in a histerical role ) some mobsters , dimwitt cops ( garofalo & warburton ) , fbi agents with attitude ( heavy-d & epps ) and a toad that sprays hallucinogenic saliva . see all that and i have n't even got to the plot , but it 's one of those things you 'd have to see to really understand . lets just say everyone has a different agenda and they all get in each others way until everyones agenda changes to be someone elses entirly . does that sum it up ? it 's funny , real funny , but it 's also tightly woven without much room to adjust since it moves at such a frantic pace , keeping you watching closly to understand all that 's going on . it 'll mae sense in the end though , i promise 
dvd pos 252.txt from the first time our leading characters ' eyes meet , you can feel the temperature rise in the room . not your average , sappy " love conquers all " type of love story ; this film shows the courage it takes to help love conquer 
music pos 869.txt this is an amazing cd - i cannot believe that more people have not discovered charlie sexton . the songs are personal and beautifully written . the music rocks , and yet it 's different than any of sexton 's other music . he is a brilliant artist and this is a brilliant wor 
dvd pos 116.txt i guess the reason i enjoyed the movie so much was because i went into the theatre expecting a good drama . and that 's exactly what i got . the story was very interesting to me . i enjoyed the relationships between the villagers , especially lucious and ivy . the scary moments just added to the drama . having grown up in the country , i know how scary the woods can be . i loved all the twists to the story . the only thing i did n't like was william hurt 's performance . it was too hammy . i think if this critical role had been cast by another actor , the movie would 've moved along at a better pace . but still a great movie 
dvd pos 827.txt i bought this dvd collection to use in a presentation i made for a graduate school class to complement a book review of murrow . this collection is facinating for people who love murrow and those who 've never seen his work . i will use this collection in future presentations that i 'll make to my students as a professor . every person in broadcasting should buy this collection and watch it to get a great look at the man who innovated our business 
music neg 371.txt in the past , i used to distance myself from certain rock genres because of a bad first experience . i 'd be introduced to band , not like it , and claim the entire genre as being ' not for me' . the forecast , however , has changed how i feel . i , personally , love a heartfelt emo record just as much as the next guy , but only because i was introduced to jimmy eat world and spitalfield a couple of years back . those bands allowed me to embrace the entire genre as a whole , and expand my emo knowledge . imagine though , if you will , that i was new to emo . you , in theory , hand me a copy of " late night conversations " and tell me to listen . of course , i hate it , and lose any interest i may have had in the genre . to make a long story short , the only good that came out of ' late night conversations ' ( an underproduced , generic , stale piece of s**t ) was the revelation that came post-listen . never judge an entire genre by the first or second band you 're introduced to ( from said entire genre ) . not every metal band is iron maden . not every punk-pop band is blink 182. not every nu-metal band is linkin park . not every ' emo ' band is jimmy eat world . every aspect of music has it 's ups and downs , and the forecast is clearly one of the downs . now that i 've bored you with an entire rant about nothing , i 'd like you to pass on ' late night conversations' . with your help , the forecast wo n't sell another record , and , in turn , leave the scene forever . not recommended , duh 
dvd neg 746.txt everything is this movie seems out of place . the old cliche & quot ; good cop-bad cop&quot ; , lived by sutherland and his pal does n't work at all ! dridget is in an awkward performance , totally unconvincing , unreal , flat . anyway , it serves to study how a movie with so good cast can be a tremendous waste of time . 
music pos 48.txt the series of " golden age of american rock & roll " released by ace could n't have a better end . during the past 15 years they have delighted us with a series of 10 cd 's with 30 songs each remembering the rock & roll era mostly with minor top hits between 1954 and 1963. one reason for their tremendous success is the superb quality of all the recordings no matter from what year the original song was . now besides these series of 10 cd 's from the r&r era they have launched another 2 special editions with the same title : one with the special novelty edition and another with the special country edition . both deserve more than 5 stars . the song selection on the novelty edition is just out of sight ! most of the songs brought back memories from a long long time ago since these were n't available after the time they were top hits . i never found them back on what compilation so ever until ace put them all together 45 years later . and with a sound quality better than in their original version on 45rpm . therefore do n't hesitate . buy it together with the country edition and you will have 60 songs for utmost pleasure ; 60 songs we grew up with and now with no scratches on them . 
health neg 118.txt this product has not been certified that the harmful mercury has been distilled out . by chance i read an article today in the jan. 16 issue of time by andrew weil , m.d. he advises strongly that fish oil be mercury free . weil also lists the mercury free fish species to buy . he recommends anarctic krill oil . amazon has it but it is expensive . i guess i 'll throw out the almost full bottle of nature made . read up on it . mercury is bad stuff 
music neg 936.txt while the sound of the stream is relaxing and well recorded , there are way too many birds around . the cd describes their sound as distant and faint , but that 's far from accurate . the parts of the cd where all you hear is the stream alone do n't add up to more than 10 minutes , and never last more than a minute . for the most part you will hear the stream and plenty of birds , rather close and sometimes very loud . buyer beware : the 30 second samples you get here are precisely from the parts with no birds at all ! very misleading 
dvd pos 118.txt wow ! i had forgotten how powerful a story was told with a wonderful , haunting score to match . i 'm glad our pleas have been heard ! with new high definition equipment coming down in price , i ca n't think of a better movie to view for all with discriminating tastes and those will discover the finer aspects of the cinema . update : is this the region 2 & 4 version that was released overseas ? if so we are in for a real treat ! 
books pos 15.txt while i am only a high school sophmore , and i do n't have a *real* job , this book has been very helpful in deciding what to shoot for doing . i 've heard people call this book too vague , but they ca n't tell you exactly what to do ; it does n't work that way . once you get through the personality quiz portion , the author gives a somewhat detailed description of your specific personality type ( i for example am and enfp ) and throws in suggestions in the description and also give a modest list of other possibilities . i 'll admit it was a bit vauger than i had hoped but it gives you plenty of room to move around and a great place to start . i 'm lucky i found this book when i did ( and not 3-4 years into college ) because i found some satisfying career options that i would not normally have chosen for myself and they are on the opposite end of the spectrum from what i was previously considering . ( looking at this run-on sentence , you will be relieved to know that none of my choices are to be an english teacher ) overall , this was a good book . there was a lot of filler describing the different personality characteristics that i found redundant only because i have gone over this in school a couple times . however , if you are unfamiliar with this territory , the explanations will be quite helpful 
music neg 543.txt actually garth hudson , the former organist of the band does not play on this cd ( nor ' every geriatric rockstar's ' ) . the musician you might be referring to is al garth ex of loggins / messina 
dvd neg 57.txt i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between " the gospel " and " the fighting temptations " . i would not recommend purchasing . you are better off renting 
health neg 646.txt its super cheap , does not work at all , will struggle with the thinnest of hairs . stay away ! ! 
music neg 756.txt this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts 
music neg 392.txt okay , i will admit to liking poor tom , bonzo 's whatever ( it sure beats moby dick ! ) and wearing and tearing , but other than that this is a collection of outtakes that should 've stayed outtakes . low points include we 're gonna groove , the live i ca n't quit you baby , walter 's walk and ozone baby . it 's a shame that traveling riverside blues and hey hey , what can i do were left off this album , and included only in the boxed set reissue - it 's the only place you can find hey hey , what can i do , one of my favorite zeppelin songs , and with riverside blues , you have a choice : shell out $100 to get it , or sit through the crappy bbc sessions album . if you 're obsessed with the band , i guess this would be good for you . but the best version of coda is in the aforementioned $100 boxed set . 
camera pos 95.txt it is extremely easy to use . hard to figure out the menu , but once that is done there is no problem . takes beautiful pictures . great for action shots as well . seldom find a blurry photo as it has a stabelizer built in 
books pos 846.txt i felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition , with the exception of aromatherapy , and electric filing . unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject . that is what teaching is all about . i generally supplement the material from other books , and florida law so our students stay on the right path . over all i would have to say that this book was above average , and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date 
books pos 10.txt zadie smith is one of the most powerful authors i have read in recent times . she is so subtle about the race factor that we do n't get to find out the races of the protagonists till the first 50 pages or so . she has also captured the emotions of kiki and zora perfectly ( why is it that women always stand out in emotional moments ! ) and the characters stay with you even after you put the book down . if you enjoyed the movie " crash " , you will love this one 
books neg 273.txt i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as & quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns- -but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the & quot ; inside view&quot ; - -the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors- -like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.- --but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics- -the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian & quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you 
music neg 848.txt i have both volume i & ii so could n't resist buying volume iii . the music was good , ca n't complain about good pickin ' like that but i did notice that the original intent of the album is being re-thought it appears and it takes away from the entire concept for me . will the circle be unbroken ii was originally made to showcase the talents of the decendents and family of the original players / singers on vol i . it was keeping the " circle " alive by bringing in fresh new sounds from new generations of musicians of those who played on volume i . tom petty ? ? where does that come in to play ? how does he fit in the circle ? i was amazed that " this ones son " and " that ones son " were invited to play on this album , but the huskey 's ( whom i loved for their bass playing ) were totally ignored this go ' round . junior huskey played vol . i , roy huskey jr. ( junior 's son ) played vol . ii . why was n't roy 's son john invited to play on vol iii ? is n't that the purpose of this album ? to keep the circle alive ? roy huskey jr has 2 sons , one of which is a musician ( not sure about the other one ) . where was he ? given the tradition of the albums , i do n't see how tom petty could possibly be invited over a 3rd generation family musician . i was very disappointed to find the huskey 's not on this album . they were the backbone of the first two . not just the huskey 's , but there are other noticeable 's left out of this album as well . it 's just a shame that such a great concept has gone down the tubes . it seems to me , that in favor of the elite , the circle has most definitely been broken which really takes away from what the album was intended for 
camera neg 298.txt i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run 
health pos 944.txt the chair has simple pre-set programs ( i basically use only the full-body massage ) , but also allows for designing your own massage by choosing specific movements and massage area . of course it is not the same as a real massage and not as good as the $2 , 500 chairs , but offers a great way to relax your back muscles at a great value 
software neg 651.txt the product was fine , but , i received an older version and as a result i could n't properly update it even after registering it . as a result , i purchased the newest version available directly from lavasoft and it works fine and i have had no trouble updating it . why did n't you specify what version it was on your website ; then i could have made an informed decision ? 
health neg 633.txt i saw a review that made it seem like these were indistructable . not so ! they tear easily . better than just empty wal mart bags though , but not by much 
dvd neg 254.txt i really enjoyed goodbye lenin , and it was mostly on the basis of seeing thatm film that i decided to watch this one . the film follows three idealistic , politically right-on young people rebelling against what they see as unthinking , selfish and uncaring bourgeois consumer society . this rebellion takes the form of breaking into rich peoples houses , moving their furniture around , and leaving notes like ' you are too wealthy ' - very situationist ( never mind the fact that this point is probably largely lost on the rich people they break into ) . all this is fine and well , but the problem with the film is that on the one hand it glamourises these young people , and on the other paints every single other person in the film as some rich , ignorant bourgeois pig . in the first ten minutes or so , i thought this might be a clever bit of directing , in which we view society as seen through their eyes , rather than society in its reality . however , this was n't to be the case . the world remained bourgeois , the kids are alright . the older generation bourgeoise are bare cyphers , and none ( with the exception of the man they kidnap ) is given anything like a personality . when a break-in goes wrong and they have to kidnap the rich man who lives there , and take him away to a shack in the hills . during this time , they decide to ' educate ' him about the wrongs of the world and the rich man 's part in them . the rich man barely challenges the young people at all , and accepts much of what he has done is probably wrong . the anti-capitalist argument running through the entire film is very one-sided . i could appreciate the film a little bit more if it was balanced , but this wasn't . furthermore , there are all the usual cliches associated with this type of work - the edukators are young , good-looking and artistic - the subtext being that because they are arty , they can see things that others can't . at one point , one of the characters is on a bus when three men ( presumably police , though its not made clear ) hassle a drunk for not having a ticket . the character angrily bursts in and tells them to leave the drunk alone , gives the drunk his ticket , and gets off the bus . do drunks even get hassled on buses by gangs of police ? ca n't say that 's my experience - amybe they do in germany . this is a recurring problem with the film - situations designed to show the main characters in a good light are contrived and unrealstic . the anarchist / marxist / anti-capitalist dialouge the characters preach is so generic that it actually ends up being meaningless - by the end of the film you do n't actually know what exactly they stand for , or what their solutions are to the problems of society . basically , the one-sided political argument hamstrings the characters development . their views are never challenged , so they do n't change . it is left to the kidnapping and love triangle to create the conflict in the film . the ending is also unbeleivably cynical , and completely undoes any idealism that had been generated in the course of the film . generally , it feels like a script written by a 1st year politics student , being so utterly simplistic in it 's ' the rich are all bad ' message . i would recommend this to anyone who is 17 years old and angry at society , but at the same time i would n't recommend it to anyone who wanted some insight into how we should solve the world 's problems . there has been a rash of good political films lately - good night and good luck , syriana , the constant gardener . unfortunately , and given so much potential , this film is not one of them . shame 
camera neg 686.txt almost useless ! tried it for several days of photo shoots and finally gave up in frustration . went back to using the viewfinder without this magnifier . professional medical photographer 
books pos 524.txt this is the author 's presentation of the satipatthana sutra , the basic sutra on mindfullness . as in all of his works he does the work of a good dharma teacher very well . he keeps his own personality and teaching idiosyncrasies out of the way so that the student 's understanding can arise naturally . there are more elaborate and academic descriptions of the sutra available and more detailed descriptions of how to use the sutra in meditation . but this is good basic information presented in a good manner with no frills or personal quirks . the author gives a good commentary on the sutra and explains why he translates certain passages , but he also gives the alternate interpretations . this is a fine basic introduction to the central issue in vapassana meditation . highly recommended 
dvd neg 308.txt incredible does describe this movie - incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of " mississippi burning " or the anger and impunity of " ghosts of mississippi " , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade " miss congeniality " type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l . jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not " a powerful film . " it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like " mississippis burning , " that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies 
music pos 886.txt i have been following gospel since the early 80s . i am a big fan of contemporary gospel and shei atkins defines how r&p gospel should sound . trinitee 5:7 along with dawkins & dawkins have done a great job so far , but shei atkins covers it all- -relationships ( cheating , divorce , pre-marital sex ) ; worship ; hymns ; enocuragement ; you name it and she has a song for it . i just bought the cd and i ca n't take it out of my cd player ! ! her voice is so annointed and unique ! she can easily give beyonce , erykah badu and mary blige a run for their money ! she can easily be played on mainstream radio and everyone would be bobbin ' their heads to it- -yet she has no problem mentioning jesus in any of her songs ! for those christians who are looking for something that they can groove and relax too ( with some anointing ) please buy this cd- -i promise you that you wo n't be disappointed ! i can literally listen to every song on this cd over and over again 
books pos 962.txt there are so many design books , but the graphis series always asure you the best work quality . 
dvd neg 477.txt i was purchasing rockin ' wheels ( the one with the train and fire truck ) for my son , and the truck adventures came up as a combo deal with a discount if you bought them together . we borrowed the rockin ' wheels dvd from the library and he liked it so much , i thought it would be good to have two different ones . however , the truck adventures is not as good , and my son does n't even ask to watch it . the songs are lame and so is the narrator . do n't bother 
books pos 479.txt this book starts with the fundamentals of atomic structure and then builds on them until molecular orbital theory . molecular orbital theory is developed for both organic and inorganic substances . molecular orbital theory is used to explain the electronic structure of molecules , which is , of course , of fundamental importance to the chemist . bonding theories for organic and inorganic models are developed and a brief treatment is given on the solid state at the end of the book . this is a book that i often use as a reference . this book is versatile enough to refresh the chemist about bonding ideas in both organic and inorganic areas . it is not a particularly advanced book , but it was a pleasure for me to read and a good book to remind me of the basics when i need it 
camera neg 59.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
books pos 178.txt i bought this book in lieu of the 2005 guiness book of world records , and i do n't regret the decision at all . this is a huge book - 250 pages - with thousands of interesting and bizzare tidbits in categories such as " amazing earth " , " body and mind " , " wonders of science " , " fun and games " , and " beyond belief " . i had never watched the ripley 's show or read any other ripley 's books before . the facts are just as fascinating as in guiness , but they are presented in a more fun , colorful , and kid - friendly way . this would make a great present for any kid ( or grown - up kid ) , even for those who do n't read much . the editing is n't the greatest , and i found one fact that is repeated twice in two different sections ( see if you can catch it ! ) but i still give it a full 5 stars ! and.. . the cover makes me kind of dizzy , but that 's okay . ; - 
dvd neg 787.txt first of all , the trailer was the best part of the movie & had me expecting a totally different story ... second , the story i got turned out to be the " grinch who stole christmas " crossed with " it 's a wonderful life " ( the latter of which was even more boring than this hokey remake ) & does n't that therefore make " santa clause 3 " so cliche & so done before ? ! third , the kids in the audience seemed to enjoy it , but man was i bored ! ( & i actually enjoyed the original santa clause , so i ca n't blame the boredom factor on the fact that this is supposed to be a kids ' movie ... ) fourth , i found the christmas council to be extremely offensive ( read : inappropriately pagan for a movie that is ostensibly about christmas ) . *****whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! *****spoiler alert ! spoiler alert ! *****read no farther if you have n't already seen the movie ! ***** fifth , i found jack frost 's conversion to be ... zzzzzzzzzzz whazzat ? oof . i must have dozed off for a minute . sorry . now what was i saying ? oh yeah . poor , pitiful , evil jack frost . ( ho hum ) would n't it have been much better to kill him off than convert him ? i mean , come on . is the converted jack frost supposed to be an improvement ? yucky . he 's disgusting ! i liked him much better as a villain . better hair . better duds . i say : just freeze him off next to a wooly mammoth & be done with him . or bring him back in next year 's sequel ( because you know there 's going to be one ) . for goodness ' sake . do we always have to embrace our inner icicle ? ( hurl ) & sixth - - not only jack - - but there was so much about this movie that just did n't make sense ! ( yawn ) okay , i 'm done with it . it 's not even worth the time i took for it ... 
camera pos 685.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you 
camera pos 733.txt i bought this camera for my teenage son . the only problem we have found so far is that the battery life is too short . other than that , it is a good camera . the slim design is nice , and the camera is loaded with features 
music neg 783.txt holy cow , i was ready to rip my hair out after listening to this . horrible , sophomoric , insipid.. . yuk . this is like chinese water torture . drip drip drip on and on . yaaaggghhhh 
books pos 834.txt this book contains the childhood memoirs of peter reich . as the son of psychoanalyst wilhelm reich , peter led a bizarre life . he lived with his parents on the family estate of orgonon in the backwoods of maine . not only did his father develop a unique form of psychotherapy , but he also was a theorist who experimented with unknown forms of energy . as wilhelm 's only child , peter was one of the first recipients of reich 's therapy methods , which involved special forms of touch , energy channeling , " softening the stomach " , and inducing vomiting ( in peter 's account ) . peter was also made lieutenant in his father 's defensive squad that protected the earth from ufo attacks through the use of " accumulator guns " . the elder reich eventually got in trouble with the fda for manufacturing and promoting medical equipment without proper testing for safety and effectiveness . the court case involving his work eventually landed him in jail through contempt of court . not long after being sent to prison , he passed away , apparently of heart failure . upon his father 's death , peter found himself at the tender age of 13 forced to confront his father 's legacy of brilliance and madness . up until the time of his father 's death , he had believed everything his father told him , not knowing enough of contemporary scientific theories to understand how different his father 's version of reality was from most other people 's , nor having established an identity of his own through which he could objectively choose between his father 's explanations and standard scientific approaches . in this book , peter tries to sort out for himself what is real and what is not , what is his , and what is his father's . the book reads like the proverbial onion-chapters move in a dreamlike fashion from one period of time to another . sometimes it 's hard to tell if what peter is describing actually took place , or whether it was all an imaginative game in his head . by the end of the book , the reader will have some inkling of the confusion in peter 's mind , but , like peter , may not be capable of saying what really happened . in any case , this is very much a book about peter reich , and not wilhelm reich , although readers who want to learn more about wilhelm reich may find some clues to his ideas through the interpretation of his son , who experienced them first hand and without question 
music pos 614.txt i have listened to this wonderful soundtrack and i think it is superb ! ! i now know that the alien movies rock ! the tone of the music fits the movie . i especially like & quot ; ripleys them&quot ; because it reflects on what has happened with ripley through-out the movie . the cloning , learing , remebering and also meeting her clones . i would also like to say that the movie was excellent aswell . the cast did a great job , acting their hearts out . jean-pierre jeunet should be proud of the music and his film.so if you are n't an alien fan , you sure as heck will be after you listen to the soundtracks ! ~ jenna 
music pos 465.txt this is , i believe , the best fleetwood mac album ever record by the band . it begins with a nice quick paced tune , " second hand news " and proceeds to move into many textured songs from there . the album itself does not have a bad tune on it . in fact , of all the ' regular ' albums from fleetwood mac ( excluding greatest hits compilations ) , this album has more hits on it than any other . hits like ' dreams , ' ' never going back , ' ' do n't stop , ' ' go your own way , ' ' the chain ' and ' you make loving fun . " all of these get enormous radio play . moreover , ' dreams ' was a number one hit , and the album itself held the number one slot for months on end , and has sold over 18 million copies in the u.s. and over 30 million worldwide , putting into the top 50 best selling albums of all time . in fact , an interesting tid bit from the liner notes of the cd describe how the album had such an impact on america 's youth that during that generation if you were to ask a student to spell ' rumor ' there would inevitably be two ' u's ' in the spelling . now that is a very strong impact on culture . every song on this album is arranged on the album as if it flowed right into the other making for an overall well rounded album . one of my all time favorite songs from fleetwood mac is on this album , " never going back " which contains some great acoustic guitar work from one of rock 's premier guitarists , lindsey buckingham , and , in my opinion , the best christine mcvie song ever written , " songbird . " now , with this release , you can also get , on a second cd , the various rough takes and outtakes of the songs on this album . this makes for great listening , to hear how the songs developed and were recorded . moreover , early demos are included along with two ' jam sessions . " now , more than ever , this is a must have cd for any lover of rock music ( or music in general for that matter ) . if you are a fleetwood mac fan , then chances are you own this album , but if you are just getting introduced to the band , then you must buy this cd . i highly recommend it 
music neg 136.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto 
music pos 587.txt fluke 's latest album had been long in coming , and plagued with issues ( word on the grapevine is one of the trend-setting trio left some point during production ) . still , years after their masterpiece risotto , fluke has returned intact and delivered another album , the oddly titled puppy . puppy is for the most part a dark album . it 's clearly the evolution of the track absurd ( off risotto ) and its particular taste of big beat techno , with numerous tracks featuring similarly styled lyrics and vocals . the sound has been expanded with touches of industrial guitars and beats that would sound right at home in prodigy 's fat of the land or at a nine inch nails concert . the opening snapshot shows this most evidently . the album takes up a rave feel with the tracks another kind of blues ( a remix of the stellar number zion featured in the matrix reloaded and its soundtrack ) and hang tough , which flow into each other and result in a mesh of old-school rave beats with new-school industrial grooves . ykk is a wicked track that would easily be at home in a big-budget spy or action flick , while expo is a sweeping and epic song . blue sky is as close to an uplifting number you 'll find on the cd , with a full choir used in the song 's chorus . compared to risotto , puppy inevitably comes up short . like bt 's emotional technology , puppy has the misfortune of being the follow-up album to a complete and utter masterpiece ( puppy to risotto , emotional technology to movement in still life ) . and let 's face it : it 's hard to surpass yourself when release an album that 's nigh-perfect . still , i was n't sure what to expect with puppy and i found myself pleasantly surprised . it 's darker and meaner , but it 's an overall rock-solid album , and fans of the grittier side of fluke ( absurd , atom bomb ) will likely be pleased with puppy 
dvd neg 252.txt i saw a glimpse of this movie earlier on hbo and was interested enough to purchase the dvd . too bad i did n't watch the movie first when it was free ! james earl jone 's acting abilities were wasted on this movie , and i wo n't comment on the others . i 'm glad that our armed forces are not as inept as portrayed in this film . sorry i ca n't be more complimentary , but.... . 
camera pos 247.txt i have taught photography at the college level , shoot 4x5 view camera work on occasion , and am very demanding about image quality . i am quite satisfied with the image quality from my kodak p880 , particularly after i installed the newest firmware upgrade available from kodak . i went through several 7mp to 8 mp cameras before finally getting the kodak p880. the p880 has better image quality than some high end sonys and olympus 7-8 mp cameras like the dsc-v3 or the sp350. i tested the p880 against the even higher end 10.3 mp large sensor sony r1 and the difference in image quality in a 13x19 print between the p880 and the r1 was barely perceptible after minor sharpening and noise reduction , which the p880 images accept particularly well . the zoom lens has a very useful range and is generally pretty sharp throughout its range . balance , manual controls and features feel high end and adequate for most semi-professional needs . the camera is a little slow processing and storing pictures in raw format and exposure bracketing modes but that really does n't bother me because i do mostly landscape and fine art photos . raw file format is directly supported by most versions of adobe photoshop and photoshop elements as well as most other raw processing programs like bibble pro . unlike most sub- $500 cameras , the p880 uses regular screw in haze and polarizing filters , a real plus and it has a highly controllable hot shoe . manual focus is usable and manual exposure control works well . the direct mechanical zoom is also nice . overall , the p880 is a digital camera that can either be a high end point and shoot slr-styled camera or one that can be used as fully manually as the most classic 35 mm film slr . although not small enough to slip in a pocket , the size is still reasonable and light 
music pos 806.txt this is a cd that one can listen to countless times . the virtuoso playing and beautiful tone produced by michael aptly display the characteristics of the euphonium . the selections are for college and graduate level players , as well as the occasionally & quot ; gifted&quot ; highschooler . a must hear , and a must buy 
camera neg 676.txt this camera was easy to use and it was light and had decent quality picture and audio , however , i was unable to make copies for back-up or to share with family members . i took it back and bought a mini-dv camcorder as i was told it was easier to make copies . this has yet to be tested 
music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams 
music pos 655.txt sorry , ya just ca n't replace michael hutchence . this is a great overview of all of their greatest hits . i am not a huge fan of greatest hits cds b / c people tend to buy them and , therefore , miss all of the excellent songs that were n't released as singles . all inxs cds are worth buying separately . but , if you must.....this will work 
health neg 838.txt i 've used the same straightener for the past four years and have always been able to get my naturally curly hair perfectly straight . this past christmas though i got the conair tourmaline ceramic straightener as a gift and decided to try it out . not only did it not work for anything , it pulled my hair and broke it at every pass . also , it took more than twice as long as my normal straightener . needless to say , i 'll be taking this back for an exchange . i suggest the normal flat panel straightener for anyone with naturally curly hair 
music pos 169.txt i 'll have to accept that even tough i 'm not a great fan of this band they have impressed me with this new release , the lyrics are in some cases very deep and in songs like evil angel they can touch you right there . for me the band has progressed a lot and you can tell that in this album , it 's very melodic and more mature . also the acoustic version of " the diary of jane " is amazing . i personally recommend the songs " breath " , " evil angel " and my favorite " dance with the devil " 
camera pos 351.txt this filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses . 
health neg 612.txt i purchased this because it was so cute , and had the conair name . within 6 weeks , the bulb blew out , and i started looking for a replacement . ive been to all the local places , and everyplace i could find online . in an obscure place i found the bulb with the right voltage but not the right wattage . the only place i could get the correct bulb was on the conair website - - but they make you buy 10 bulbs , then charge $9.00 for handling . the cost is more than just buying a new mirror ! a rip off 
software neg 906.txt i gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . if you do have a frontpage server , and have it set " on " , it had some advantages over ftp . i bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . i 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . i think a perl script using linux ' mogrify worked best . this works worst ! the free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - a next / previous button . you can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic / colage type thing . once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! unbelievable . i know what i need for handling photos efficiently . flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . i think picassa is close and getting closer . this was n't worth the cost of picassa - free 
dvd pos 434.txt fyodor dostoyevsky 's nineteenth century novella " notes from underground " and the plot of this twenty first century movie carry identical messages . the movie is an eloquent cinematic adaptation of the novel that gives dostoevsky 's central character a new breath of life from the modern day perspective . the movie attempts to survey the convoluted mind of a building inspector through a video-taped self confession . the psychological similarities between the character in dostoevsky 's novel and the building supervisor in the movie are uncanny . both characters share a state of mind that is the epitome of a human condition where miserable anti hero attitude reigns through a heightened level consciousness and the rationality of everyday living through action is put to rest . the character in the movie who identifies himself as a " sick man , a spiteful man " lives his life in isolation by the drowning himself into the puddle of his own conflicting thoughts . he despises his friends and at the same time he seems eager to improve his relationship with them . the character in the movie voluntarily creates unpleasant scenarios that trigger his eventual self demise . he often finds himself confined within the conflicting walls of his consciousness . he falls in love with a prostitute but at the same time he is utterly disgusted by her profession and tries to dominate her . by escalating the level of his thought process well above the habitual human awareness , the central character of the movie isolates himself from the crowd that dostoevsky 's narrator identifies as the " men of action " . the building supervisor is paralyzed by the own consciousness just like the narrator in dostoevsky 's novel . dostoevsky 's novel and the movie helps us realize that the collective standard of self-consciousness that the society forces us to adapt through a methodical process of uniformity and conformity , has a negative side effect that is strong enough to paralyze our lives and inflict a profound sense of alienation in our minds . 
camera pos 735.txt i did a lot of research before buying this camera . we could have bought a higher quality digital camcorder for less or higher quality minidv camcorder for the same price . what led to our final decision to purchase this camcorder was the fact we could record straight to a 8cm dvd-r , finalize the disc on the camcorder , and play it directly on our dvd player or dvd-rom player on our computer . we did n't want to deal with sticking cables and wires into the tv , electrical outlet , and camera to playback footage . and we also did n't want to deal with the cost and trouble of transferring footage onto dvds to keep in our video library for the future . for those of you who like to edit , re-record , create effects , etc. , you need to purchase special software separately , but with a dvd-ram disc , you have the ease and convenience of doing it all from your dvd-rom on your computer . you can also download it with the usb cable , but it is nice to be able to just pop it in the dvd drive and get started . if you are only interested in playback , dvd-r discs are sufficient ; however , you ca n't erase or record over footage on dvd-rs , only dvd-rw and dvd-ram discs . the picture quality of the camera is adequate . it is n't grainy , but smooth and actually very nice in the right lighting , especially outside on a sunny day . it does n't have a built-in light , so you have to be aware of the right surroundings and environment for recording . i would give the picture quality a 3.75 out of 5. if you want better quality , you will need to buy a more expensive dvd camcorder . considering how far we have come over the years with home video technology , it definitely beats those days images were out of focus and grainy . you ca n't compare it to tv and movie camera quality , but i think it is pretty darn good for home videos . the zoom is good , but of course it takes some time to focus if you zoom in or out too quickly . the stabilizer is pretty good , but i keep it off for the most part to get better picture quality . if you plan to move around a lot , use the function , but expect to lose a little quality in the process . what basically happens when using the stabilizer ( with most cameras , i believe ) is that the image movements are slightly delayed . the sound quality is adequate , but if you are recording when it is windy , you will pick up a lot of the wind sounds unless you block the microphone with your hand . the only problem i have had so far is with the discs . we bought panasonic dvd-rw discs and ca n't get them to play on our computer or in our dvd player . we ended up purchasing sony dvd-r discs and they play with no problem . when i called panasonic about their dvd-rw discs , they did n't have a good answer . the representative told me to make sure the dvd-rw discs are compatible with my players . i told her they may not be compatible with my dvd player , but it should be with my new computer software . the representative just repeated herself and eventually said there is n't any difference between sony and panasonic discs ( interesting ) . they make the claim that panasonic discs work the best in the manual , but now i know better . overall , this camcorder is a great value ( you ca n't beat the price for this dvd technology ) , average to good quality picture and functions , is excellent for the ease and convenience of dvd playback and storage , and is really easy to use . 
health neg 474.txt i have had this straightener for about a year . it will get my wavy hair straight but not quickly and i have to use the high heat settings . also , my hair does not get stick straight but if your hair is already pretty straight then this is a good straightener 
software pos 73.txt if you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices : art explosion greeting card factory ( currently version 5 ) or hallmark card studio ( currently 2006 ) . there are other programs available specifically for creating cards , but most of them are low quality and outdated , and are n't really worth considering . ( a competitive third product featuring american greetings designs is sadly now long outdated ; the designs in the american greetings program were of similar quality to those in the hallmark package ) . so how do these two products match up ? without a question , if you are looking for quality " canned " cards , the hallmark program wins . the hallmark designs are professional , and are equal in quality to cards you would purchase in a store . in contrast , the designs in art explosion are adequate but surely not up to the quality of a store-bought card . the hallmark program is also able to simply and correctly print to several different types of card store ( although you are stuck with the choices pre-programmed into the software unless you want much frustration ) . the art explosion does a poorer job of correctly and simply printing to a variety of card stock and configurations . art explosion beats the hallmark program in editing options ( more extensive ) , and in the amount of additional art ( clipart , etc. ) included with the package . if you do not plan to use the " canned " cards , then i would recommend art explosion . but the average user will likely appreciate the professional , high quality cards in the hallmark package . personally , i consider the choice of the hallmark package over art explosion a no brainer . a note on versions : the publisher comes out with a new version of the hallmark program every year ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. ) and the same is true for art explosion greeting card factory . having used many of these versions , i find very little reason to recommend upgrading year by year . disappointingly , the stock cards in the hallmark program do not seem to have changed appreciably in many years , and the same is true for art explosion . 
camera neg 146.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped 
camera pos 598.txt solidly built , this tripod balances well even when used with the heavier sony cybershots like the dsc-r1. the remote shuttle release button helps to further reduce camera shake , which is priceless when taking photos in conditions where camera shake is amplified ( high optical zoom , supressed flash , etc ) . what surprises me is the fact that the shuttle release button on the remote works exactly the same as any sony cybershot : press halfway to focus , and all the way down to capture the shot . the zooming buttons do not work for the sony dsc-r1 as the camera has a manual zooming ring , but they should work fine with any other cybershot that comes with an electronic zoom and of course , an acc terminal . highly recommended . 
camera neg 278.txt ok , i was hasty in this purchase . at first glance it seemed a small price to pay for a camera case...about $14 , shipping included . then i got the camera case and found the dimensions somewhat lacking in the space requirement for the camera i ordered . you see , the dimensions listed under " more details " are for the outside of the case , not the inside ( but it does n't say interior nor exterior , just gives dimensions ) . turns out , not only do you have to click " more details , " ( fine print ) you also have to click " more technical details . " ( finer print ) wish i had now . just wasted $9 for shipping on a 6 oz camera case . electrogalaxy will not refund shipping charges , and they charge a %20 restocking fee . so , at most , after i pay return shipping , ( the case is only $4 ) i might get back $2. so , yeah i was hasty , but i was also robbed 
software pos 143.txt with plenty of opportunity to be creative . the only downfall is that there is no way to download more cards from the internet . all in all though , i would highly recommend this software 
camera neg 180.txt 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy ! 
books neg 349.txt i was expecting new and interesting ideas from this book , but was disappointed . if you truly have no idea how to find a sales baseline for your business or do n't know how to track trends , this book is for you . if you are like me ( you know the basics but were trying to find a more thorough approach ) , i would n't buy the book 
health neg 534.txt i saw a commercial , i read a reviews - and so i bough one box at walmart . it 's not worth it , that 's my conclusion . the trays are made of very thin plastic-like material , and are very difficult to position properly on your teeth . the active gel easy goes out of trays , and fills your mouth . during first couple od uses , after 20 min or so i started to feel a vague pain in my gum . nevertheless , i continued using the product for all 7 days , as advertised , 30 min a day . after the whole package was gone , the change of color of my teeth is barely visible . i hope you will have better luck . 
health pos 757.txt i got this for my husband and he states that the trimmer is great but it needs to have a smaller base . the charger part of the trimmer is just too big . even though it is big for size it does not hold all the attachments . he would recommend the trimmer to do the job it is intended for 
health neg 764.txt it does let you shake and mix up the protein well . but no matter how tightly you screw the cap on liquid gets all around the edge and in the threads . then as soon as you put it down it all runs down the sides and leaks everywhere . it 's a horribly cheap and leaky design . i would look elsewhere or just be prepared with a lot of paper towels every time you use it . ( and if you find a good one that does n't leak please post the info here and let me know ) . thanks 
camera pos 856.txt i bought two , one for me , one for my daughter . it is compact , user-friendly , it has nice sized screen . it comes with a charger ( i 've been told that some do n't ) . 6.2 mgp . video with audio . all this for a very nice price 
camera pos 903.txt the best binoculars i have owned , and i have had many . excellent clarity , great field of view too . nice size also not to big , not to small . you cant go wrong with this fine set , highly recommended 
books pos 569.txt this fantastic re-imagining of the avengers is best consumed in this form . yes there are too many pop culture references , yes the hulk is a little goofy and the ultimate nick fury has virtually nothing in common with his regular universe counterpart but i think once your done with this gigantic , thirteen issue epic powerhouse you wont have much left to complain about . this story arc takes the alternate universe avengers from their creation to their first major victory , ill let someone else spoil it for you but its good . the second volume is juuuust about complete as of november 2006 and is pretty amazing as well . this is the best that the ultimate universe has to offer , is one of the few titles exploring fairly original ideas and has not been reworked specifically to appeal to teenagers , no inline skates , teen angst , or first love in this one . millar and hitch are a great creative team but their ability to make deadlines is positively absurd . these thirteen issues took the better part of three years to be released and i read every one of those issues as it was released on the news stand . my wife got her msw in the time it took the skrull war to unfold , it sucked and the new series isnt much better . thankfully it has only one issue to go , hopefully well get it before theres a new president in the whitehouse . removed from the delays the series is a pretty impressive achievement , the art is top notch and the story is positively crackin ! yes it 's " just " a super hero comic but its one of the best , so if you like the medium and are lucky enough not to have read it yet do yourself a favor and check it out , and keep an eye out for the second series hardcover 
books pos 472.txt for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art 
health pos 318.txt having had perfectly clear skin through my teens , 20s , and most of my 30s , i now have post-pregnancy adult-onset cystic acne that began at age 36. my skin is far too delicate and sensitive to tolerate most otc acne products . i bought this product out of desperation , not believing it would work . after reading hundreds of reviews and advice and testing it for 2 weeks , i have found that it works well , with some modifications . my experience : cystic acne goes through its normal cycle ( rising to surface , becoming a hideous scab , etc. ) in a fraction of the normal time ( 4 days versus 4 weeks ) when treated as directed with zeno , or it disappears completely without ever having risen to the surface ( after a week or so ) , when treated very aggressively with zeno . my advice : do n't expect it to work after 1-3 treatments and in 24 hours as advertised . do know that with diligence and patience , it will work . be very aggressive . do double-cycles ( allow the zeno to remain on your skin after it beeps , then press the button for a second cycle ) every few hours as long as the bump is detectable in any way . you may get very slight burning of your skin ( causing a whitish film or slight peeling ) and you may go through your cartridge tips quickly , but believe me , it 's worth it to avoid the horrible months-long process of cystic acne . i am using this in conjunction with a very thorough natural skincare regime and improved nutrition , and seeing the results i have hoped for after 2 weeks 
software pos 556.txt product has a nice clean interface . i was able to load most drivers and application software without incident . note - upgrade install requirements are not clear . microsoft should state what is expected on your system prior to trying to install either as an upgrade or clean install . microsoft sites keep pointing back to sites that do n't help very much . 
software pos 640.txt simple and easiest to use of t shirt programs . do n't be put off by the low prices . simply magazine , with their simply media brands , have lots of craft products like this , with all of them on amazon i think . mar 
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts 
books pos 473.txt this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about . the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in ' possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them . the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves . the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . " run slowly , slowly horses of the night " 
books pos 223.txt this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine...to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i cannot improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange " paxbear " and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today 's mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead 
health neg 462.txt this product states 4 toothbrushes . that is incorrect , it only holds 3. this product also states 4 aa batteries or ac adapter . that is also incorrect . you cannot use 4 aa . i felt that was misleading and unfortunately unless to me . if those things do n't bother you , it might be what you are looking for , but since it does bother me , i never even tried it 
software neg 86.txt if i had $1 for every time a cs2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , i 'd have about $10. and that 's enough for me to say , beware of this set of applications ! adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs ( but principally golive , indesign and illustrator , in that order ) are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . i cannot stress how disappointed i am in adobe , and how distraught i am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . in any event , do not buy the cs2 apps , adobe does not deserve your support 
health neg 638.txt i have not tried the product yet as it is a stocking stuffer for my four year old . the ad displays four soaps when in fact you only receive one . i would not have purchased one bar of soap had i have known . 
health pos 570.txt adds a great fragrance to the room . we bought several different scents and placed them throughout the house . it 's a different smell in every room . what a pleasant change from smelling the pets . 
health neg 36.txt i bought this from amazon and i do n't like it - the masured temperature drifts from 96.8f to 99.6f in 6 minutes . so inaccurate 
music pos 138.txt ok , i just could not resist coming on here to review this . i 've had this cd for about 4 years now and i still listen to quite a bit , proof right there that this cd is definetly a classic ( in my book at least ) every single song on here is original , the guitar riffs are simply amazing , and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are . if your a goo goo doll fan , and you still do not have this cd , i deeply encourge you to go buy it now ! this is the is the goos like you 've never heard them before . the cd is pure genius , and in my opinion the best cd i 've ever heard 
camera pos 419.txt i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop 
software neg 455.txt the program crashed during setup . when i finally got it installed , it crashed my machine every night until i uninstalled it . 
camera pos 551.txt your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi 
music neg 44.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
software neg 179.txt it is now almost a month since i bought the upgrade to xp prof . for my destop computer running w2k prof . i have had nothing but trouble . my notebook computer , connected by a wireless next for almost 18 months , suddenly could not connect to the desktop . all network setup and trouble-shooting help did nothing . i called ms and things got worse . now i have an dditional problem ( no sound on my desktop ) and the first problem remains unsolved . i have been through three layers of ms technicians , only the last of which spoke english with an accent close enough to mine to be understood . nonce could fix the problems and they are now " researching " the problem and supposed to call me this morning . during one of the calls , the tech . tried to blame it on my notebook . if any of you are old enough to remember when there was only one telephone company , you 'll ercognize the situation . right now , i would prefer getting a refund and returning to w2k 
music pos 933.txt about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard 's enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n't for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa 's and brendan 's ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist 's chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i 'd recommend sampling : " towards the within " ( featuring lisa 's vox w / brendan backing ) and " tell me about the forest " ( featuring brendan 's vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n't yet familiar with dead can dance , that you 've not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well . 
books neg 4.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her ! 
software pos 798.txt i use this program daily and it is awesome ! it has lots of great new features especially the new home page that has the customer , vendor and employee centers where you can now see all of the information in one place . the features and functionality of the program are everything any small to mid size business needs to run their company from a financial point of view . great improvements over previous versions 
software neg 323.txt i purchased this product with the hope that it will help me protect my computer without too much overhead and interference . the password manager is quite useless . in more than half the times it did not enter passwords . in cases where it entered passwords , it took about 5 seconds to do so . it also asked me if i want to store passwords repeatedly for the same site . it interfered with the operation . it did not let me go to sites like paypal and charles schwab . when i contacted symantec support , their response is to disable the phishing protection when i want to go to these sites . my quicken started having problems . i had to restore old backups and it took me 2 days to finally figure out that it is confidential that is causing the problems . i would have given this s / w 0 stars if it is possible . now , i uninstalled the software from my computer and have no intention of re-installing it . i ca n't believe that a company like symantec releases software that is so buggy and unusable 
software pos 537.txt i bought this software for the graphics capabilities and my husband is using photo-paint to edit our family pictures . this is the first version of coreldraw i 've used and am very pleased with the help features , find them intuitive and the whole package impressive 
health neg 652.txt i bought one last year as it was supposed to be accurate and you could do it yourself . doing it yourself is misleading as the directions for one of measuring sites for women require you to hold it in your right hand and measure the back of your right tricep . impossible to do both at the same time . even with the help of my trainer who is skilled at using calipers it gave widely variable readings and inconsistant results . the feature that takes your % body fat and classifies your level by age never worked . mine was stuck making the classification by the youngest age group for women . basically it ignored specific data entered in for age and male / female . i was very disappointed but was fortunate to get my money back 
dvd pos 658.txt this is the 2000 or so version of the dvd . this is identical with the vhs version , except it adds two features . the first is an excellent " making of " video from 1996 - - which was re-done with a different host for 2006 , but all the " interview " segments are the same . the second was a " making of " video done for the dvd , which does n't add a whole lot . were i to do it again , i 'd buy this version , and skip the 2006 " 50th anniversary " release . this is the classic chuck jones television " grinch " , in one of the best packages for it . and the " horton hears a who " is also a chuck jones classic . " a person 's a person , no matter how small . " 
health neg 632.txt the off-on switch on this product is very difficlut to use . i am not able to turn off or on with one hand and find it very difficult to turn on with two hands . 
music pos 237.txt a lot of music fans have mused over why matthew sweet did not achieve greater success with the masses despite his obvious ability to write very catchy songs . " sick of myself " single-handedly rejuvenated my faith in the power of pop music at a time when pop seemed to have exhausted its possibilities . but in retrospect sweet simply was n't a very marketable commodity for the music industry , and on top of that his vocals and lyrics somehow did n't grab people . its not that he does n't sing with passion or feeling , but somehow the words seem to get lost in the mix . perhaps its a production thing ; regardless , the vocals on a ms album always seem to be secondary to the music and that is a no-no for any great singer-songwriter . there are some truly impressive ( albeit derivative ) stuff here : " what matters " is in my opinion the greatest byrds song never written , " hide " is a beautiful piano ballad that would n't seem out of place on badfinger compilation , " if time permits " has some of the most beautiful chorus harmonies not written by brian wilson , etc. etc. " i 've been waiting " works well in combining catchy melody with plaintive adolescent desire , and " girlfriend " is for the most part a great rocker . however , after the relatively simple production of girlfriend , his later albums got bogged down in an attempt to recreate a " wall of sound " feeling , which quite frankly does n't really work unless you 're phil spector . not much here can be completely discounted and the new songs fit in quite well ( although i probably would have included " evangeline " at the expense of " ready " ) . despite the undeniable quality of the music there is nothing life-changing here and ultimately great music must at least have the semblance of being life-changing . still heartily recommended for fans of catchy , melodic pop-rock 
health neg 967.txt this thing messed up my back . it is extremely uncomfortable and i ca n't see anyone liking the feel of it . furthuremore it smells terrible . do not buy this product - you will regret it . ( shipping was n't bad 
books pos 514.txt billy collins 's original voice is delightfully accessible , often blending comedy and solemnity in one poem , and always with something new to say . the playful tone of these poems can be misleading ; whether he is writing about eating a good plate of osso bucco or his favorite museum rooms , there is always a pathos lingering in the silence after the last line . most relieving is the absence of pretentiousness or haughty language . this is simply , as robert bly writes in his introduction to the best american poems of 1999 , collins 's skillful ability to & quot ; bring the soul up close to the thing&quot ; in every poem . books such as & quot ; the art of drowning&quot ; threaten to change the face and purpose of poetry in the 21st century . let 's hope there is plenty more to come from billy collins 
camera neg 519.txt i got the dreaded " e18 " error after owning this ( naturally ) for just over a year . repairs will be at least $100 , and repairs are only guaranteed for 90 days...even if the exact same problem occurs again ! this is clearly a design flaw ( just read how many users had the same problem ) . my first photoshot broke after about a year and a half , and since i liked the ease of use and basic design , i chalked it up to bad luck and bought another . big mistake 
books neg 531.txt i am proud of the fact that i hold two degrees like many women . do i work ? no . i have chosen a different path . i have no children , married later in life , and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband . do i feel that i have no confidence nor respect ? no . and from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from ? caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this . i admire women who stay home to care for their families . when you have love , who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks . personally , i find this book a little depressing , and i wo n't read it 
camera pos 902.txt like others i have compared it in a scuba diving trip to the kodak max sport and this one had a few advantages : 1. film winded at greater depth . 2. the pictures came out clearer - not grainy and with better colors . do n't expect too much of it at depths below 8 meters since light wo n't be enough ( i used it on a bright summer day in the red sea ) . even at shallower depths colors turn blue / green without use of flash . i have taken it down to depth of 35 meters and the camera was fine , but would n't take pictures at depths below 20 meters . the pictures i took at shallow depth came out excellent 
software pos 853.txt it was easy to use . plus i could import my old tax info from last year , my bank info and my deductions . i electronically filed my taxes and had my refund within two weeks . i buy this product every year and was pleased that deduction pro was included 
health neg 839.txt i was very disappointed with this product . not only did it come in a foreign ( chinese ) box , it does n't work well at all . the " powder " that was included actually made it worse . if i were you , i would keep searching 
software pos 792.txt looked at them all and then bought this software.. . it can do a lot of things so , yes , it might take a bit to learn and get fast with . there is a reason it has been voted best for several years now . it does a good job if you remember the very old computer saying , " garbage in...garbage out " 8 - ) my wife loves the video tutorials that she can pop-up anytime she needs to without stopping the software and what she 's working on . anything this complete , is worth the learning curve 
health neg 70.txt the charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it . eat a balanced diet and get some exercise . do n't be a moron all your life . 
camera neg 569.txt i bought this because it was 50% off . i ca n't see how anybody can get much enjoyment from trying to look at photos on this viewer . i guess for background noise , it would be good but as a photo viewer , it 's not . small screen + low resolution = poor viewer 
books neg 810.txt this booklet has a lot of warner brothers drawings , but it does n't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well . i 'd recommend getting the animator 's survival kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation 
books neg 343.txt i have never been a fan of danielle steel 's books and have only read a couple in my lifetime , and those many years ago . i 'm not sure what motivated me to pick up toxic bachelors - - extreme boredom ? insanity ? - - but i slogged through it last night and have to say that it confirmed all my bad impressions of this writer 's work . actually , i think i was a little surprised by how awesomely bad it was . the writing was completely repetitive and superficial , and i rather felt that i was reading a treatment for a novel rather than the novel itself . it read like a poor book report : " ...and then he did this , and then he did this , and after that he did this , and then he laughed . " we are told that the bachelors - - who struck me as commitment-phobic , a little neurotic , and fairly immature despite their ( middle ) age , but not necessarily toxic - - are decent , likable guys , but we never really see too much proof of that . when the " proof " does come , it 's so ham-handed as to be laughable : charlie 's eyes well up with tears when he meets a young girl who was abused by her mother , and so we know that he truly does have a loving and compassionate soul and untold complexities to his character . yeahsurerightwhatever . most of the story is told through narration , with little bits and pieces of ho-hum dialogue . the author adopted a third-person point of view , but there 's certainly nothing omniscient about it , and the reader is never sucked into the head of one of these characters . throughout the book they remain about as interesting and dimensional as paper dolls , and their interactions with one another always struck me as being fairly unbelievable . this is how men behave and relate to one another ? i find that hard to believe , considering that none of the men i know run around telling each other how much they love one another and how important they are to each other . i liked the female characters of the book initially . they all seemed to be strong , capable , independent and emotionally healthy women . but my opinion of each diminished greatly toward the end of the book , as each woman seemed all too willing to disregard her personal boundaries and put up with extreme schmuckiness from her man . and the conflicts steel generated amongst the couples seemed ridiculous : mountains out of molehills . for instance , gray , the 50-year-old artist who has always been phobic about family , refuses to meet the adult children of the woman he 's been with for several months and whom he claims to love . nevermind the fact that he 's known about the adult children since the very beginning . nevermind the fact that the adult children live in england and italy , while gray and sylvia are new yorkers . nevermind the fact that they have their own lives and are independent , self-sufficient adults who maintain their relationship with their mother through frequent phone calls and less frequent face-to-face visits . evidently gray ca n't see beyond the fact that they are " kids " and therefore " family " and therefore not to be tolerated . sorry , but whatever sympathy i 'd developed for gray by this point disappeared altogether when confronted by this monstrous display of immaturity . dump the weenie , sylvia . you can do better . the other two guys had similar displays of gross ridiculousness , and of course everything was wrapped up magically , with sudden capitulation , as if the men had just suddenly come to their senses . considering what little time and effort was spent on these characters , their conflicts and resolution , i have to wonder why steel even bothered writing this book . and why i bothered reading i 
software neg 50.txt i thought this would be a good product for my computer . i did n't know that the only way to receive this product is over the internet via download . during the process the prompts for the internet download ask you to remove ( uninstall / delete ) all of your known antivirus , spyware , and firewalls from your computer prior to install . this leaves your computer susceptible when you receive an error message . i received an error message that prevented me from completing the download . i purchased the software on aug 3 and called customer support , they researched the problem and even took remote access of my computer to try and fix the issue . they were unable to do so and then passed me to the second level of computer technicans . microsoft guards its secrets well and has varying levels of technical support , those that know the basics and those that know more . they asked me to set up a time span when i would like to receive a call from the " teir ii " agents , i chose 6-9pm . i received several calls over the next two weeks , all of them were outside of the specified time . i missed several of them because i have a career and a life . when i finally spoke with an agent they again took over remote access of my computer and were also unable to solve the issue . here it was , two weeks after i purchased the software , i still did not have what i needed . i was also unable to surf the web because the download process requires you to delete all antivirus and firewall software . i called in several times druing the ordeal and the " teir i " agents just told me that i have to wait for the call , " they 'll get to it when they get to it . " i was very upset with the customer support , i have no idea how the product is , but the customer support is just horrible . go to the windows live onecare home page and search for the " post your own thoughts " page through member accounts , you 'll see that i 'm not alone in this issue . i have since purchased other software that cover what microsoft says it will with onecare . i did not have one problem with these installs . please be aware that you might have to purchase technical support if you cannot download due to a problem with your operating system ( seperate from onecare ) . this costs an additional $35 ontop of the cost for onecare 
books neg 320.txt while it 's certainly true that there will always be a gulf between reality and words , communication between reader and writer is nonetheless very real and potentially profound , thanks in no small part to empathy and the imagination . deconstructionism , by denying presence and instead proposing unlimited differences between signs , dismisses any connection between readers and writers and turns language into a hermetic system separated from the outside world which is , of course , inhabited by people who read and people who write . this is exactly what makes deconstructionism so empty and hypocritical : it rejects traditional metaphysics while adopting a pseudo-mystical position which regards language as some unstable and solipsistic alien creature independent of everything and everyone 
health neg 399.txt i suppose it serves a function for people with bad eyesight or something . but......dear god that thing is ugly 
music neg 949.txt ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out 
books neg 671.txt talk about taking the joy out of an experience . i read this book prior to a week-long trip to venice . this book quite simply accomplished none of its objectives . it is a poor & quot ; guidebook&quot ; and is poorly written and uninteresting in terms of a travelogue . the history and art of venice are covered better in books from those genres . the only upside is that it is short . yuck , what a waste of time . my advice is : get a novel about venice if you like novels , a guidebook if you want that , an art book , or a history book . at least you 'll get something out of those- -this one tries all of these and fails . actually , in terms of a travelogue , & quot ; vendela in venice&quot ; far surpassess any other venice book i have seen . although i originally bought it because it is considered a children 's book , it is not dumbed down at all and adults will enjoy it.. . 
software pos 671.txt i became interested in this after trying a more advanced program for my business . after weeding through too many option that did n't apply , i knew i just needed somthing simple- - a good way to monitor money in , money out . this program is simple and easy to adjust if you make a mistake . i highly recommend it , as it is exactly as described 
health pos 608.txt b&b styling creme is absolutely the greatest hair product i have ever used . thanks for making it available on line 
health pos 770.txt que maravilla comprar por amazon.com todo llego en perfecto estad 
music neg 546.txt the quality of the samples is better than the quality of the recordings . 
health pos 534.txt i ordered this parfum because it is really cheap . i received it 4 days after ordering , delivered very fast . the flavor is very nice , make me feel comfortable 
health neg 302.txt sorry sleepmd - we are not impressed . not only did sleepmd not work for me - but my husband took it as well and was restless and up all night too . today we feel worse for the wear - and a bit ripped off . no - i did not sleep through the night and wake up feeling alert and refreshed . more like we were run over during the night . i wanted to inquire to the company in person - but ca n't find a website to do so . so i plan to write . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it 's a waste of money 
camera neg 431.txt if you lose this cord just get a flash card reader . it 's cheaper and more practical 
music pos 627.txt my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis 
health pos 243.txt a very gentle undereye cream . i have used other name brands which extensively irritated my eyes and made them tear all the time . this one is definitely a keeper 
music pos 581.txt eloy ( name taken from h g well ` s time machine ) is a german atmospheric , progressive art rock band that was formed back in 1969. through the years , personal wise , the band has totally turned over , in some positions , several times . their originator frank bornemann ( guitars / vocals ) has persevered , presiding over a three decade band , that has turned out some of the best progressive rock music , i 've had the fortune to hear . ocean ocean , their sixth album , released in 1977 , is a concept album , depicting the rise and fall of atlantis . though there are only four tracks , they average almost eleven minutes each . many eloy aficionados point to this album as their ` tour de force' . it is excellent , but as far as i 'm concerned , based on what i 've heard so far , there is no album that stands heads above the others . overall , ocean has an atmospheric ambience reminiscent of hawkwind or a more unknown band that i once reviewed named ship of fools . it also reminds me jeff wayne 's , war of the worlds . track listing 1. poseidon 's creation ( 11:38 ) **** has a long droning medium pace and a whinny guitar intro . at the 4:40 mark , bornemann finally begins the vocal . there is quite a lot of guitar playing on this song , augmented occasionally by the synth . 2. incarnation of the logos ( 8:25 ) **** has an atmospheric vocal beginning . the song does n't seem to have much of a melody until the 3:40 mark when the synth / organ takes over with a pleasant one , assisted by some percussion and a bell now and then . 3. decay of the logos ( 8:15 ) *** the shortest song at eight minutes seems a little jerky at first with more monologue than music . when it does get going after about three minutes it 's still jerky in a medium paced beat . strong synth playing through the middle . 4. atlantis ' agony at june 5th - 8498 , 13 p.m. gregorian earthtime ( 15:35 ) ***** this is a monster song . it is like nothing i 've ever heard . except for a fifty some second monologue at the beginning , " atlantis.. . " starts with a truly intriguing eight minute plus instrumental intro . not just any intro , like you 're used to , with a full orchestra and violins . no this is an spacey atmospheric intro that would make the great pink floyd , envious , with the propitious use of ghostly sounds and special effects segueing into an amazing five minute organ bridge , with no beat just the hammond a few side effects and you . no it does n't get boring . instead it sets you up for the vocals , which issue forth at about the eight minute mark . slowly the rhythm section establishes a slow beat , while the singer does a great imitation of bob dylan , with a remarkable spacey synth breaking in between the vocal . but we 're not done . with about two minutes left , the band picks up the tempo to a medium fast tempo ( the first time i ` ve heard them play at this speed ) . now the violins join in with the guitar and synth for the finale of this great finale . total time : 43:53 line-up - frank bornemann / guitars , vocals - klaus-peter matziol / basses , vocals - jrgen rosenthal / drums , percussion , flute - detlev schmidtchen / keyboards , mellotron , xylophone , voice - the boys of santiago / chorus ( 1 ) conclusion one of the factors , i find appealing about this band , is that in the span of three decades , they managed to present a style of music which was compatible with each era , so listening to their albums from different periods gives us a window into the progressive music of various time periods . eloy 's musical tempo almost never exceeds medium and on ocean tends to be more in the medium slow range . listening to this and other eloy albums i hear influences from numerous other bands . like many prog bands i hear pink floyd but i also hear uriah heep , moody blues and bob dylan ( really , on track four ! ) 
music pos 6.txt review by mike watson : with the recent slew of victory records releases , not to mention the wide variety ; one can be to say the least skeptical of any of their assortment of new releases . however , picking through all of the less notable releases from the label , the up-and-coming band , the forecast , have stepped to the plate and scored a home run on late night conversations . the forecast are a perfect blend of male and female vocals over a very modern rock soundtrack , executed flawlessly over a ten song full length . late night conversations is an album confronting different topics ranging from relationships to the teen trend of mutilation and loathing . the harmonies arranged by both vocalists are undeniably catching and well written and the music follows closely in suit leaving your head bobbing back and forth to the beat and your feet tapping almost involuntarily . the forecast is not only a great recorded band , but bring the same toe tapping energy to the stage , with both great stage presence and cohesion as a band . the forecast will defiantly be one of the new big bands in poppier rock music , and checking their victory records debut out is a must for fans of the genre . 
music neg 492.txt bits of beatles , zappa , queen , ( herman 's hermits ? ) , may be laudable in intent but reveals the crucial difference between an original musical mind and a talented imitator . elfman 's themes are good but his songs have some of the same faults as your normal musical pieces , they have fairly banal , repetitive lyrics and are cut and paste music . has the creepy competence of a dave grusin album . if you like that you 'll be ok here 
books pos 69.txt i read an interview with mr. vollman , i think a couple years ago , i ca n't quote directly but he said he thought that prostitutes were very spiritual people . they save marriages , they provide comfort to the loneliest , most desperate among us . in practically the same breath he observed that they spread disease and sometimes rob their johns . that kind of duality is at the heart of much of vollman 's writing . on the surface , whores for gloria is one desperate , delusional man , so eager for even the illusion of relatedness that he attempts to recreate gloria with bits and pieces of other prostitutes . it is n't fully clear if gloria herself was ever real , but regardless , it is now a quest to fill that void collage style with physical samples , such as hair clippings , as well as emotional artifacts . the most poignant scene may be the protagonist hiring a prostitute , and wanting nothing more than to hear happy childhood memories . the prostitute complies as best she can but , story after story , the narratives veer into disturbing material . the hardest thing for the human to do is to hold opposite opinions about one thing at the same time . the more intelligent and observant one is , the more painfully aware of the absurdity of this task , the more painfully aware of the mental contortions necessary to maintain the illusion of meaning . this is where the magic lies in true artistc genius , such as a thelonius monk solo or , in this case , vollman 's writing . i 've never read anything that better communicates simultaneous beauty and ugliness . and no better forum than gutter sex , which vollman renders both repulsive and compelling . and he does n't do it by being overly clever . he does it through the chaos of brute honesty . whatever compositional gymnastics go into the writing , the end product is very readable and deceptively simple 
camera pos 252.txt i purchased this case for my canon a530 camera . i find that it does a great job of being light , durable , and compact . it keeps the camera clean and scratch free . however i wish the case had a better carrying capacity . i would have liked a bit more space for spare batteries and chips . i use different ones for different pictures or video . batteries do tend to give out after a long day shooting and convient extras would be handy . the case has beltloops but not a good shoulder strap for times when a belt is not worn . that can be a bit akward . otherwise this case is a good protector of my camera and fits it well . 
books neg 915.txt a singularly dull book , the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung , a south victorious with modern weapons , seemed too trivial . the author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing . unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not . the character of robert e . lee in the book is just too , too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts . i finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that i put it down halfway through . i am not sure if it turns out the way i think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other 
music pos 701.txt this is such an good industrial album , that i was sitting and listening to it and all the adjectives that i wanted to use seemed not good enough . however , if i have to put one then it has to be these , brilliant , astounding , stupendous and awesome . this is probably one of the best industrial albums of all time . the first track is good and then it just gets better and better . in fact the first track is not as good as the other ones and could have been replaced with another track . the book-let is ok but the lyrics are missing , but still it is an important release since it showed that inudtrial bands are tallented muisicians and can sing . minphaser , life line , guna are some of the best made industrial tracks ever with the intricate layers of sounds , bets and samples . the keyboard sounds are constantly amazing and this is an album not to be missed if one likes industrial music 
books pos 522.txt i 'm a big koontz fan and as is generally the case , i greatly enjoyed this story . it was a little strange but that 's to be expected from this author and genre . that said , it starts off fairly quickly and flows well through most of the book . it had the curious sense of near-division in that the book almost seemed to be separated into two distinct sections that were not , in my opionion , as well-connected as in many of koontz 's other books . in addition , the ending seemed a little hasty . thus i gave it four rather than five stars . that said , i would gladly recommend it to a friend as i would most any of this author 's work 
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun . 
software pos 926.txt the upgrade presents a good value for a vista-compatible product that includes improvements to ease of use , particularly for combining documents into a single pdf . 
software neg 729.txt i have been using norton anti-virus since i purchased the compaq presario 4000. the reason i have stuck with norton because this presario came with norton internet security 2002 attached to it . i never used the nis 2002 , though , but i purchased the norton anti-virus ( nav ) 2003 which i have bee using for the last three years . in fact i used the nav 2004 for two straight years without any response from symantec , then all of a sudden that subscription was eventually retired by symantec . i liked the nav 2005 ( which symantec six months prior to its due date subscription , which made me mad and hence my wanting to try nis at a subsidized rate ) because like nav 2003 , it could tell if someone or something was trying to intrude into your computer . it is after purchasing and trying nis 2005 , that i realized how low and base norton can go with its software . first when i tried nis 2005 , it blocked all my websites . i couldnt access them and i could not read my e-mail ( whenever i tried to read my e-mail , the response would be that , that action has been cancelled ) . so i reformatted my hard drive and the nis 2005 appeared to be working quite well until i tred to install adobe reader 7.08 and could n't allow me to proceed . moreover , it was snail slow in allowing me to read one mail to another . so i uninstalled nis 2005 and installed nav 2006 , which appears to be working well . i have now purchased tend micro pc-cillin 2006 as well as mcafee viruscan 2006 at subsidized rates , should symantec pematurely terminate my nav 2006 prematurely i.e. before the 366 days of subscription are over . i think one of the reasons why nis could not work is that it is a program that it is trying to do more than it can chew . it tried to be an anti-virus , personal firewall , privacy control , antispam as well as parental control in one . it reminds of the days when it was better to purchase a cassette player separate from the radio , since the technology at that time could not produce a good combined raio cassette player . i think norton internet security is in that mode . it is not yet competent to produce a combined solution that is both antivirus and anti spam , anti-spyware at the same time . hence the many complaints of its being a buggy program . at this stage , i would stay away from any program that calls itself " internet security . " i may try trend micro internet security which has received rave reviews from a couple of its users , but that will be if something goes wrong with my current nav 2006. otherwise , i am still wary of those programs that pass off as " internet security " such as " norton internet security " or " trend micro internet security , " pending their perfection of this technology at some future date 
dvd pos 255.txt jackie chan and chris tucker deliver once again in this follow-up to their great film " rush hour " . this film follows on the premise of the first , with a bit of a reversal....this time tucker is the fish out of water in chan 's hong kong . as with my review of rush hour , i 'll say up front that if youre looking for anything more than a fun-filled actioner , then this movie wont please you . it breaks no new ground and the plot is quite formulaic , but if you 're looking for deep drama and character development...what are you doing watching a chris tucker movie ? watch for a great cameo by don cheadle as a black man married to an asian woman who owns and runs a chinese soul food restaurant in a black section of los angeles . that alone is worth a laugh . there is another stand-out cameo by jeremy piven as a gay clothing store clerk who mistakes them for a couple . be sure to watch the end credits and catch all of piven 's ad-libbed outtakes that ended up on the cutting room floor . but then , as with all jackie chan films , half the fun is watching the flubs during the end credits 
camera neg 551.txt i would spend a little more money and buy a better quality camera . the picture quality was not good at all . i previously owned another kodak camera with the same megapixels and the picture quality on that camera was much better . just after a year of using the kodak c300 camera , it stopped working and i did not use it that much . i now own the sony cybershot dsc-w50 that takes great pictures , i have n't had any problems with it and i have been using it on an almost daily basis since may 2006 
books neg 634.txt dr. hawkins first book , power vs force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology . however , he began to venture into misapplication of this method , and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity , concept , or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement . there are serious logical , philosophical , and practical flaws in his work , and his attempt to quantify matters that are n't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests . this book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques . the actual technique is worthwhile , but much of what hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid . the levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to not let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate , valid answers . hawkins explores issues about media , politics , religion , spirituality , history , philosophies , healing arts , entertainment , and more , and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters . he seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters , liars , and two-faced sociopaths . he has a negative view of conspiracy theorists , many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and do n't resort to hawkins ' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth . hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method , as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology , but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod . i hope hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts...consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful , responsible work in those areas . for now i 'd encourage hawkins to recognize that 911 was in part an inside job , many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds , and the overall maturity of consciousness in america is not greater than the rest of the world 
camera neg 891.txt the camera is decent . the fact that it does n't come with the correct cable nor software to transfer video to a computer is unacceptable . what do they expect 90% of consumers are going to do with it 
health neg 970.txt this hair dryer was purchased as a christmas gift to replace one we have had for several years . i could not locate one locally so i order from amazon . the dryer only worked for a few days . nothing i do will make it work again . the reason i have not retured it is because the postage cost would be so much . 
dvd pos 391.txt for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple 
music neg 365.txt bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music . 
health pos 16.txt just wanted to note that my delicious bars arrived melted as noted by another reviewer . i ended up placing in the fridge , and then taking out before eating . turns out , i did n't find them that great directly from the fridge . also , they just did n't taste as fresh as the ones i buy individually from wal-mart . i could n't tell if that was because they had melted , or just were n't as fresh to start with 
music neg 224.txt maybe its just me but the piano is out of tune badly enough that it should not have been recorded . i had to force myself to finish listening to the concerto and did not even bother with the rest . sad piece of work 
health pos 728.txt i am 100% satisfied with this product and it has already earned me what i paid for . i am able to trim my front portion of hair with this on my own , where as for a complete trim , i do need my wife 's assistance . if you trim on a regular basis , ie . , when the hair 's not over grown , you will definitely find the job more easier.i recommend it to everyone who wants to save on their haircuts . the price is a good deal too if you buy from amazon , else one may perhaps ahve to wait for the thanks giving sale 
dvd neg 72.txt statutory rape is not funny ! neither is bad acting or pretentious scripts ! ( well , okay they are- -but unintentionally ) .. would have been sexy and funny if : oscar was 18. oscar was not a pretentious ass . oscar 's stepmom was lena olin , and oscar was played by topher grace . gawd ! why ca n't i get paid to churn out mindless crap like this ? ? ? yes , i could do this movie better . i would dump the steady cam , for starters . aaah ! end pretentious crap movies ! just say no 
music neg 443.txt this was o.k. nothing more nothing less . this album was hard to review , beacuse no songs really stick out . i mean the guy is a mediocre artist with mediocre rhymes , laced over just above mediocre beats . i have heard better sesame street singalongs for yappy kids in the back seat of a mini van . i mean what does the album have that sticks out ? " saturday to saturday " ? " bloody horseshoe " ? or the multi - faceted " boo , we ai n't forgot about you " none of the above , or none on the album . sorry . and please , all angry people who think that this is a bad review , remember , it 's a review . i can say what i want 
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same 
dvd pos 876.txt made in 1959 , douglas sirk 's imitation of life is still just as evocative and as gorgeous to look today as it was almost 50 years ago . it 's a real cinematic treat , shameless tearjerker , and an unabashed melodrama that dares to confront head-on issues of racism and the problems of motherhood at the stage when one 's teenagers - in this case daughters- -are growing up and preparing to enter the world . lana turner has never looked more ravishing as lora meredith , a young new york widow who will do anything to realize her dreams of broadway stardom . together with her young daughter susie , they live in a squalid apartment eking out a hand-to-mouth existence , their futures fuelled by unfulfilled dreams . one day at coney island , lora and susie meet another a white girl sarah jane , who is being taken care of by a black woman , annie johnson ( juanita moore ) , whom lora mistakes for the maid . when told by her that she 's the mother , the surprised lora falters but then accepts it without a question as if it were a natural thing that a black woman has a white child . the angelic and virtuous annie asks lora if she can come and help out around the apartment . lora is initially hesitant - not because of annie 's race but because she 's struggling and does n't have any money to pay her a wage . eventually , however , she relents and tells annie that her and her daughter can stay for one night . at the same time , lora meets the extremely fine-looking wannabe photographer , steve archer ( john gavin ) . steve takes an instant liking to lora and offers to marry her . but lora is far too concerned with realizing her acting dreams to be stifled by a man and by marriage . meanwhile , the saintly annie is troubled that her daughter is ashamed of being black and tries to pass herself off in school as white . imitation of life follows these characters throughout their lives , with sirk piling on the sentiment and melodrama every chance he can get . lora does indeed become a famous broadway actress , yet neglects her growing daughter in the process . steve goes on to become a president of a large photographic organization , but has trouble relating to lora 's need to be independent and famous . annie 's heart is eventually broken , gradually worn down by years of emotional abuse from her daughter . sara jane is so angry at being labeled as black that she repudiates her mother and ultimately runs away . annie always stays the subservient and loyal maid ; whilst her best friend and employer goes on to bask in a lush and international success . the contrast of the mother 's compensations from their conflicting daughters is the story 's ultimate paradox . lora , annie , steve and the two girls seem to be victims of each other . they all want to follow their own dreams and forge their own paths in life even when it does n't seem to be doing them much good . they are also surprisingly oblivious of how manipulated they are by the world around them . lora gets her career but she 's unlucky in love and terminally insecure as a mother , whilst sara jane - perhaps the most damaged character - achieves her ambition to pass herself off as a white girl , but at great personal cost to both her and her aging mother . under douglas sirk 's accomplished direction , miss turner et al acts ornately and elaborately , everything is over emphasized to within an inch of its life , especially lana 's gorgeous outfits , yet the film - clocking in at over two hours - is always compelling and is never boring . the screenplay is sophisticated , the themes are brave and tempting and the look of the film - the brilliant surfaces , audacious colors , and the spatial complexities of 50s moderne architecture - bring to the forefront a bittersweet world of fantasy , entrapment , and emotional anxiety , and where the price of following one 's dreams eventually comes at a harsh and desultory cost . mike leonard june 06. 
dvd neg 726.txt if shakespeare could come back to life and see what they made with his play " othello " , he would remove heaven and earth crying out for justice . be an actor in a play of shakespeare it 's difficult and only the best ones can do it , not mediocre actors with face of children . what 's martin sheen doing here ? he should be in better movies and in this trash , if you want a good " othello " adaptation , get the movie with kenneth brannag and laurence fishburne , are good actors and a better movie 
camera pos 105.txt fast delivery , great price . i would buy from them again , thanks = 
camera pos 655.txt if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers . 
music pos 536.txt gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards 
dvd pos 589.txt i grew up with the original ds . i also saw the two " spin off " movies : " house of dark shadows " and " night of dark shadows . " needless to say i was extremely excited about the " revival , " and i was n't disappointed . i felt that dan curtis was actually able to improve upon the original , by tightening up the script and employing wonderful actors who fit like the proverbial glove . the original barnabus was played by jonathan frid who was a shakespearian trained actor and , ben cross is a member of the royal shakespearian theatre in london . i loved that the revival was able to be more overtly sexual , which as any fan of vampires must know is an essential element of the myth . and i must say this series lived up to my every expectation . dan curtis took the original and made it completely accessible to older viewers who have such fond memories of the 1963 soap opera . i looked forward to 3:30 every day after school . it 's too bad that the gulf war killed it . yes it did ! i was there . after the sunday , monday miniseries , that friday was to air the first " episode . " however it was pre-empted by coverage of the war . too , too bad . i taped it , but unfortunately the last few episodes were accidentally taped over . i am so glad to know that i can order it now in it 's magical entirety . i 'm ordering it right now ! thank you amazon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you are a fan of things that go bump in the night , you will love this series ! ! ! ! 
dvd neg 663.txt this is not the restored print of dracula 1931 that universal previously released on dvd a few years earlier.if you have that dvd keep it as the quality on this box set is awful.i can only think that whoever was in charge of compiling this did n't bother to look or did n't know that universal had a fully restored copy of this film 
music neg 169.txt charlotte church had the most beautiful and captivating voice i ever heard when she debuted . i purchased all of her albums and played them to death . this cd is horrible ! her beautiful voice is no more as she makes no attempt to even use it . some of the other reviews said this release is the result of her growing up . ridiculous ! she could easily have kept the angelic voice as she grew . this is simply a tragic waste of talent 
books pos 324.txt a well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of nevil shute . my favorite chapter was friday norton qa 11:50am . a perfect description of the working methods of a certain veteran tv newsman who just retired at age 88. of course there are plot holes . the heroine a single mom researching the cause of an air incident is in jeopardy from union thugs and has initially has guards . but as the jeopardy increases , the guards are n't there . no followup mention . what happened to them ? some vulgarity in language . but all in all , a great fun read . 
music pos 420.txt coltranes recordings with his classic quartet of ' 61-5 varied between very good and stunning . coltrane fans may want to get the impulse ! box set instead though ( which includes this cd and the other works of the quartet 
music neg 612.txt hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what 's the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the " tracks " editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but " town " sounds like it 's coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya 's back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry 's home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let 's see some remastering ! 
software neg 355.txt i really like the rosetta stone product ( although it is over priced ) . warning : rosetta stone ( fairfield language technologies ) will not replace a cd if it is lost , stolen or damaged unless you bought the product directly from them ( and then they charge you $30 for a replacement cd ) . i had the misfortune of purchasing from a local bookstore and someone had stolen the disk from inside the package . in this case i can get my money back from the store i bought it from but since you ca n't backup the disks you had better be very careful to not lose one 
software pos 326.txt this is the 3 copy version of norton av . ( one cd will create three copies ) i purchased it to save money as it was less than $20 per copy . i bought it to replace nav 2006 on the same three computers which had expired . installed easily on two machines . just the uninstall of 2006 and the install of 2007. the first machine was more difficult . there is evidently some conflicting software on the computer as i had to use msconfig for a " clean boot " per norton web site instructions . i kept running into the " blue screen of death " on the previous installs when i would get to the actual install of the norton av . each time i would have to uninstall the program and do more . but all of the help came from the symantec ( norton ) website . it is now working fine . added : my personal preference is to not use software firewalls . i use a router with nat as a hardware firewall . ( it only blocks unauthorized incoming malware ) software firewalls try to tell you about everything leaving your computer and generally you either become paranoid or just shut the thing off . they are intended to look for malware by behavior . antivirus programs look for malware by signature . the only advantage to finding malware by behavior is if the computer is attacked in the first day or two of the malware 's existence . if one has an antivirus program it will eventually ( within a few days ) find the problem that the software firewall was trying to tell someone about . ( assuming they have n't given up yet with too many cries for wolf ) . so the only software firewall i have ( microsoft os firewall ) is turned off and thus i have n't had the same problem as others report . as a practice i sent junk email directly to the trash can and avoid weird websites . so far no problems with malware . 
camera pos 279.txt i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you 
software pos 731.txt i find turbo tax to be the original and best income tax preparation program . i really saddened to hear people knock it on here because they felt cheated that this version does n't come with state tax features . well , if you are going to shop online , you 'd better learn to read the specifications for products ! i came to amazon precisely because i knew i 'd be able to find what i needed , for less . texas has no state income tax , so i make sure that i buy turbo tax for federal only . thanks for letting me get that little rant off my chest 
books pos 577.txt a wonderful book . you will meet many charming cats on your jounrey here that will stay with you forever . although this book is only 150 pages , it took me a long time to read it . while many things made me smile or laugh out loud , far too many things made me cry and i had to stop reading and set it aside for awhile . i often wondered if i could even finish it , but i am glad that i did . it is a book that truly touches the heart . 
software neg 311.txt rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off microsoft windows is a joke we are all out to steel them bland we pay $200 for what ? to be belittle when we have to reinstall it i have 5 comp.and i have 5 boxes of microsoft windows xp home edition full version with sp2 one for each pc over $1000 ) 
camera neg 19.txt i agree with the previous review . the deluxe blower brush just left more dirt in the camera because the hair of the brush is falling out 
books neg 193.txt temperance brennan is an american forensic anthropologist .the author is a anthropologist in real life and i feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions , & locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about " gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of gabbys place & how gabby and tempe were friends from grad to man parts in life . book was not for me i dropped it at the 3rd chapter . 
health pos 601.txt after reading other reviews on air mattresses i was worried that this mattress would not last long before a leak developed . but it 's been over 2 months and so far so good . i sleep on it every night , ( i 'm buying a real bed when i move in june ) and it is holding up 
music pos 768.txt i got the lp version of this album as a christmas present in 1988. i immediately fell in love with it . she sings about issues such as unemployment and poverty which were rampant during the reagan years ( " talkin about a revolution " , " fast car " ) . but she offered hope that things would get better as we approached the 90s , which they did . " mountains o things " was about the materialsim of the 80s . other issues she covers are racism ( " across the lines " ) and domestic abuse ( " behind the wall " ) . even though this album is almost 20 years old it does not sound dated , as the messages are just as relavent today as they were in 1988. i bought the cd version in 1992 and i never get tired of listening to it . all of the songs are good but my favorite ones are " talking about a revolution " , " fast car " , " baby can i hold you " , " mountains of things " , " why " and " for my lover " . 
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended 
camera neg 64.txt after reading the many good reviews here , i too bought the lenmar battery to act as a second battery for my canon digital camera . i was totally pleased with the excellent performance as many others have noted . the only difference i noticed between the lenmar and oem battery was that with lengthy continuous shooting with the lcd screen on the camera case got significantly hotter with the lenmar battery that with the oem . this was not a problem until i was shooting on a 101 degree day ( with the lenmar battery in ) and suddenly the screen went black . i could view previously taken pictures ( lcd ok ) but any new photo i tried to take was black . i read later in the manual the upper operating temperature of the camera is 104 degrees . once the camera cooled it worked again for a while , but the black photo problem continued intermittenly for a few weeks then the camera completely stopped taking photos , no matter what . so , was it the lenmar battery 's extra heat generation pushing the camera over its temperature limit and damaging the circuitry ? would it have happened if the cooler running oem battery was installed on the hot day ? i ca n't say for sure , but if you use a lenmar battery i would be careful about operating it on a very hot 100 degree day ( e.g. use the viewfinder , not the lcd since that generates heat , or turn the camera off a lot to cool down between shots ) . 
health pos 911.txt i am a busy architect and this is the 2nd pair of clics i own . if you are active and need reading glasses they are perfect . their only drawback is that they take two hands to put on ! i 'd look at slimming down the frames to make them less heavy and trimmer . lastly ~ i 've found these readers to be really rugged and good for outdoor use 
dvd pos 68.txt francis ford coppola 's apocalypse now is a pure example of method filmmaking . it is the true craftmanship of an essential filmmaker . the art direction , editing and sound effects are partially a small fragment which makes this film classical and memorable . what drives the integrity and semblance of the film is the storyline , acting and inner message . the inner message evidently enough is that war is hell , or in other words , hell is war . not many directors have the ambition or the true courage to establish such a well-defined piece of art . european filmmakers would n't have the slightest problem of directing the film or throw in their personal feelings about the war . what is most interesting is that an american filmmaker spoke his style and the style of the film 's collaborators through the continuance of the film . the plot is fairly simple and brief , adapted by joseph conrad 's heart of darkness . martin sheen plays the role of captain willard , a war-torn character who does not see any hope in life or humanity anymore . he has a mission and it is to capture a presumed colonel kurtz ( marlon brando ) who has fabricated an army of existensial soldiers on the outskirts of the cambodian jungle . throughout the film we encounter astonishing sequences . the most unforgettable is the dawn helicopter attacks . robert duvall 's character colonel kilgore is a steady and firm example of the basic american army brain : to search and destroy and then destroy some more if it includes yourself . the children walk about the playground , oblivious to any danger . the helicopters come into view from the dawning sea ; millions of sprinkle reflect from the water , we hear the helicopter 's engines roar from the horizon and soon enough we are stuck in a messy attack . throughout the sequence we hear wagner 's ' ride of the valkyries' . it is method filmmaking . the starting sequence is as fascinating as the rest of the movie ; a beautiful scene of palm trees blowing in the ragged wind and seconds away from being inflamed with a carpet bombing . let 's not forget the scene where the soldiers of the boat in which sheen travels in , stop an innocent upcoming boat , suspecting them to be vietcongs and carrying artilleries . then they spark off a heavy scene of shooting in which all of the passengers of the boat are pulverised to pieces with their crops and food savaged in the atrocity . this film has its famous moment , some better to be kept quiet about until they come through the screen . it does n't require any intellectual understanding , although the film is intellectually remarkable . the american soldiers in the vietnam war jumped into the land of a fresh governmental country , aiming to protect themselves and in the end only received death and chaos for their troops and for the majority of the country they were fighting against . it was a war gone mad , like all other wars , without purpose or dignity . it was a pure act of humanity : to destroy and restore their own greedy needs . this is a film in which there is no saviour , where it is hardly possible to find hope in the gloomiest corners and where all surroundings are plagued with the infatuations of greed , anger , foolishness and egoism . as coppola once said about the film : ' this film is n't about vietnam . this film is vietnam' . he was right to the date . during the current situations of the world , where they are trying to protect their own skin , the world should try to analyse this film as much as possible and wonder about what it is trying to represent . it is a film which does not ask for applause or damnation . it asks for realism . enjoy 
dvd pos 231.txt they just do n't have movies like this anymore . this is not a movie that makes charlie sheen or tom berenger appeal to the young audiences who like flashy stars on sceen . this is amovie to show you the reality of war and experiences that happened to people in the past . charlie sheen stars as a man who volutarily goes to war . this seems odd and he figures out why everyone was looking at him so weird when he was telling them this later in the movie . he finds out alright . keith david plays his friend who tries to keep his spirits up and this is definitely his best role . he cheers him up in a great scene where they get extremely baked . the supporting cast in this movie is unbelievable and no flat performances here . overall this is my favorite movie of all time . it has stood the test of time and never fails when i want to see a good movie . i just have the old special edition , not the 20th anniversary but the extras are very nice . it has a commentary from the direcotor and a seperate one from the military advisor who worked on the film . there is also a lengthy doumentary about the making of and when i saw this i was mroe than glad i got the special edition . you would nto believe what the actors went through ! it is a great making of . 
books pos 763.txt rather a funny novel , gets off to a slow start but the end is superb . worth reading 
health neg 163.txt i 've been kinda exclusive to remington ms3 's for a few years . they 've just been had inexpensively here and there so that 's the main reason i 've stuck it out . but in all honesty , these seem to cost me more than i 've thought in the past . like other reviews have stated , this razor takes effort to get close . hair does collect on the foils and thus as i 've noticed , causes the blades to bind on stubble . i 'm a patient person , not usually in a hurry to shave , so again not too big a deal after a quick cleaning . but here 's the weakness : the foils are like paper , and flake holes in them . i just purchased the 2700 right before the holidays for about 25 bucks ( a good deal i thought for a microscreen 3 ) . my other 0003 was shot and running on a foil or two ( once a hole developed , and i 'd rashed up my neck accidentally , i removed the bad foil ) . i 'd bought one foil pack before and gradually went through those . so i thought a new unit was the trick . well , now just three months later , the new 2700 has burned through two foils and is down to two ( used a foil from the 0003 when the first went out ) . my bathroom is riddled with these things . my patience is now out and i 'm headed back to an old faithful : braun 
camera pos 303.txt first thing to do is to make sure which lens you are buying . the kit lens comes with canon 20d , 30d , 300d , or xt is the lower version , non usm one . on the higher version usm ones , you will see the red color " usm " at the front of the lens . according to the reviews , compare with the non usm ones , optically they are the same . however , the usm motor does focus faster and much quieter . people complain about the build quality . actually i feel that it is really not that bad , much better than the canon 50mm f1.8 ii . the usm auto focus performance is fast , never hunt , and much quieter than the 50mm f1.8 ii . it fits nicely on the xt . do not compare this hundred dollar lens to other lenses cost three times or more . we have to compare apple to apple . if you know the limitations on this lens and use it wisely , the images will come out nicely . 1. this is not the lens for indoors low light conditions . if you need to take lots of indoor pictures and the flash is not allowed , go get a different lens . ( for example , i use a canon 50mm f1.4 for this kind of situation . ) 2. the distortion on 18mm is quite a bit . avoid taking strait lines ( like buildings ) pictures on the edge while wide open . however , this can be easily corrected on computers . 3. step down the aperture to f8 or f11 , the resolution will be improved a lot even at the corners . overall , the performance is very good for a hundred dollar lens . it is very light weight and highly portable while traveling . this fits my needs as a cheap but fast with good image quality walk around lens . 
health pos 401.txt the shaver was very good . it gives a very close shave . not only do i shave my face but i also shave my head . it feels like i use a normal shaver after i am done . my nly advice is to empty the hair out between every shave . it seems to give a better shave this wa 
health neg 897.txt i bought this based on patricia 's review and loved it for the first month , then noticed it making a strange sqeaking noise . upon closer inspection i noticed multiple welds breaking ( i 'm 185 lbs ) . now i 'm not so happy with it , no warrenty , amazon wo n't take it back . good thing i have a friend with a wire welder who can fix it for me 
software neg 132.txt did not work with my apple computer , requested help but did not get results i wanted which was to return idem & get credi 
books neg 532.txt let 's face it- -if you want to get a non-fiction self help type book published and sold today , you better have a completely original idea- -or make it controversial and provacative . i would hope that ms. bennetts ' opinions are written for this purpose since they are so extreme . i am a college educated stay at home mom of two small boys . i am proud to be doing that and to be defering to my husband to support me / us financially in this mutual decision . i feel it 's a personal decision to stay home and try not to be judgemental of others , but to me there is no career worth giving up taking them and picking them up from school everyday , helping in their class , having simple chats after school , and most important being very present in their young lives . does that mean i 'm sitting back fat , dumb and happy , expecting 100% to live the fairy tale so i can turn stupid and dependent on him for my every need ? of course not . our relationship is solid , his job is as stable as one can be , we have good life insurance and a lot of it . here 's an important one- -we live within our means ! we do n't have two leased cars and a house we ca n't afford . in addition , while i have " given up " my career to raise my kids full time , i have a lot of skills , drive , and no doubt that in that worst case scenario i could provide an income when and if i need to . i certainly would hope no one would give up the opportunity to stay home because of these so called realistic fears . look , if you want to be a working mom by choice- -knock yourself out . but do n't look for excuses to justify it to yourself and others by saying you 're doing it in case of the worst . that would be a bigger " feminine " mistake 
health pos 451.txt i have been using this line of products since they were marketed . my plastic surgeon ( not used for facial needs ) keeeps remarking on my skin and has to remind himself that i am 61 ! 
books pos 264.txt as with many of the " for dummies " series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why " target " values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power - - pluses and minuses of each . " ten cholesterol myths " in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol . 
software pos 134.txt adobe photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . it 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . there is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve 
health neg 33.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch 
music neg 727.txt we read all the previous reviews and thought this disc would be a keeper . we ( my husband , three kids 14 , 10 , and 5 ) tried it on a warm , spring evening in the car . one or two songs , like the banana splits , speed racer , and scooby-doo were fun . most however , were harsh , and too fast for the parents and youngest guy . i would rather try these songs in their original state and skip the covers 
software pos 310.txt ok , it is big ( 4 cdrs ) . and a full install will require over 2.35 gb . but it loads quickly and offers nice greeting card variety along with pretty sophisticated card customization options on all pages of the card . as in previous years , it also installs event planner . if you do n't want to use event planner you can stop it from starting with windows by going to start / all programs / startup group and deleting the entry for event planner from the startup group but if you do n't have a similar program , you might find event planner to be useful . i found setting up this program for my auto-duplexing ricoh color laser printer easy enough to do , so setting it up for other printers will likely be pretty easy also . the quality of the printed cards is really astounding , even my normally " picky " wife thinks they look very nice and acceptable for any use . i suppose your results could depend on your printer but if your printer currently prints nice graphics and pictures , then the cards should turn out very nice . i recommend using heavy card stock for a professional looking final product . cards that default to printing out in the 1 / 4 sheet size ( four fold ) format can easily be printed at 1 / 2 fold size and the graphics and text remain outstanding . i never experimented with the " partial install " that would require disk swapping but save hd space , so i cannot if that would be a nuisance or not . overall , there is nothing i 've found about the program that i do n't like . 
camera neg 840.txt this monitor worked pretty well for 4 months . we purchased this monitor and it worked well provided we were in the next room or on the same floor as the receiver . however , when we were downstairs ( baby 's room upstairs next to our 's ) the monitor was fuzzy , and had static and lines running thru . we were still able to have audio recpetion . after 4 months , the picture disappeared , audio was still operational . not a good camera for long term 
health pos 222.txt exactly what i wanted.. . works perfectly.. . the flosser at the bottom the head of the toothbrush is great at getting between the teeth . charges quickly and is convien 
camera neg 866.txt my primary camera is a sony hdr-fx1. i bought the gl-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events . the gl-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the sony . the price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera . however , beware of the rebate offer . i sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected . the rebate facilitator claimed i did not include the upc code . if i had it to do over , i would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second sony 
dvd neg 480.txt as the us european command a-2 ( director of air intelligence ) during this phase of the disintegration of yugoslavia , i was surprised to see the ending - - what happened to the admiral and pilot . historical ? no way ! the only plane shot down was a single-seat us air force f-16 pioted by capt mcbrien ( sp ? ) while on combat air patrol ( cap ) , no cameras . some naval f-14s carried film-loaded cameras in pods , but most of the imagery pin-pointing mass graves came from u-2s and satellites ( and good coordination with french peacekeepers on the ground ) . so , this movie was fiction . it could have conveyed a better message , a better review of the decay of the former yugoslavia and the dominant role of serbian forces . but the producers decided action via fiction was better than learning fact 
dvd pos 613.txt a pure and engaging story of redemption amongst family , ` you can count on me ' tells the story of sammy ( laura linney ) and terry prescott ( mark ruffalo ) , siblings who lost their parents in a horrific car crash when they were still very young . years later and sammy is a single mother of 8-year-old rudy ( rory culkin ) , she works hard at her job at the bank , now run by over critical brain everett ( matthew broderick ) , and she struggles with telling her son just how much of a jerk his father really is ( josh lucas has a great cameo as rudy senior ) . when terry shows up after months of no communication sammy is immediately thrilled , but shortly after his arrival she realizes her brother is still a screw-up and is just using her , again . terry shows up in need of money to pay for his girlfriend 's abortion , but when his girlfriend tries to commit suicide he decides he needs to take a break from his life and so he stays with sammy and rudy . over the course of a few weeks terry has made a deep impact , especially in the life of young rudy who idolizes him . this film follows the changes each of these siblings make , changes in themselves but also changes they cause others to make . it 's a beautiful story of redemption and acceptance and it should n't be missed . the performances by the two leads are outstanding , and young rory culkin is adorable and mature as sammy 's son , but the real shock to me was matthew broderick who played the demanding , philandering , unlikable type brilliantly , and he 's not one i 'm generally impressed with 
health pos 28.txt i encountered these at last week 's carlsbad triathlon . they tasted really good and i figured if it 's good enough for the military , i 'll give it a try...sure enough , the military knows what it 's doing- -it seems to work as claimed . thumbs up , or , hooah 
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " . 
dvd pos 862.txt i remember putting season 9 as the worst season of friends in my book , but it 's not as bad as i remembered . some episodes are actually incredibly funny . the faux pas was when they started to have aisha tyler guess star as charlie , and have her come between joey and ross . also , the whole story line with rachel 's infatuation for joey could 've been better executed , or should n't have been there at all . it got bad towards the end , but i 'm not disappointed . the stuff leadings towards it was classic friends 
camera neg 167.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
dvd pos 227.txt audrey , without givenchy , and only a portion of her face visible , few lines and much conflict gives one of the great performances . the depth of the movie , the richness , amount to a great piece of art . certainly , the movie is not " fun , " but it attests to a time when a movie about the struggle with faith could be a blockbuster 
books pos 176.txt a remarkable introduction to ezra pound . makin explains some of the underlying structures that order the cantos- -periplous , ideogram , fugue , the ' repeat in history' --and gives concise readings of individual sections that helped my understanding enormously . he does an especially good job of connecting pound 's theory of money to his views on sex and creativity . makin manages to be critical of pound while treating his ideas with verve and sympathy ; the writing is colloquial , witty and jargon-free . i enjoyed the cantos much more after reading this short , effective study 
books neg 565.txt this book explains very well the growing paranoia of modern parents . this is a resolute attack against parenting determinism . it is regrettable , however , that the author 's references are not more " scientific " than those he reproaches to parenting determinism advocates of using . moreover , he is not far from praising spanking , which is " proven " very bad for children 
dvd pos 242.txt i saw this show on logo . boy i loved it . i wish i was there 
dvd neg 567.txt i suggest watching the original version : sword of doom - which is amazing . a lot less acid is involved , and less cliche . izo is a rent , at best 
books neg 674.txt though i am not a vogue reader , i picked up this book out of curiosity to see what anna w 's splashes in the tabloids were all about . while the subject is only mildly interesting to me , the author 's prose reads like a 300+ page deposition against anna wintour from everybody who had / has a major or minor gripe with her . it 's a heavy and boring read . gossip , if one can get over oneself and admit that it is entertaining , should remain light and diverting . in this book , it is difficult to garner much sympathy for the subject or its author , much less derive the slightest enjoyment from it . i was very happy to put it down . perhaps this lackluster effort will compel someone else to attempt a better job . but then again , when that time comes , anna wintour may be have disappeared completely from public interest 
camera neg 746.txt this camera has major problems . do your research . go to any digital camera forums and you will see tons of post of the " black screen " . after using our camera about 5 times the screen became black . apparently had to do with defective lens housing or something . sent it to their customer care service . took 1 month to get back . 3 days later black screen is back . sanyo is doing everything they can to prevent me from getting money back or get new camera . they just want me to keep sending to customer . care . sanyo has a very defective product and they do not want to admit their mistake and replace the defective cameras . see for yourself . go to the forums and see what others have been saying . do n't make the mistake i did 
health neg 112.txt i paid $45 for this aesthetically pleasing scale . sure it looks nice , but if it does n't do its job , it 's not much of an accessory for the bathroom . it took me a while to figure out how the scale works . there are a lot of beeps involved . essentially , to program your info , you start by pressing the mode button , adjust your height , press mode , adjust your age , press mode , select your gender , press mode , select between normal and athlete , press mode and you will hear a beep to confirm . then to store , press either the up button for memory #s 1 , 3 and 5 or the down button for #s 2 , 4 and 6 , press mode and there will be another beep to confirm . still with me ? if you just want your weight , you just step on the scale , but if you want to get your body fat and water % , you must press the up or down button to find your memory # , then press mode and wait for the beep before you step on the scale . now i do n't know about you , but this procedure is a lot more cumbersome than any other scale i owned . so fine , i 've now figured out how to work the thing . getting even somewhat accurate results are another thing . when i stepped on the scale , i would sometimes be surprised by the weight . i did n't think i could gain 7 pounds in one day ( i eat very healthy and my weight range is usually between 3-4 pounds ) . but if you step on the scale again , like some other digital scales , it seems to remember your last weight and wo n't give you your real weight . so i have to put some other object on it to get a reading and then the scale resets . i step on the scale again and my weight is now 6 pounds less than the original reading ! the body water % did n't fluctuate too much and the body fat % was 3% higher than the reading on the last scale i owned ( conair thinner brand ) . all in all , i am returning this scale and going back to the drawing board in finding something that is even the least bit accurate . 
software neg 742.txt it 's a piece of junk , so save your money and some headaches . even dell technicians ca n't fix it . my new dell computer had norton ghost pre-installed with a back-up hard drive just for cloning . it sounded like a perfect setup except my norton ghost would n't work . contacted dell three times and they supposedly coordinated with norton to no avail . now i 'm stuck with saturated backup hard drive that is useless to me 
software neg 362.txt i have many ( too many ) rosetta stone softwares for language learning , however after purchasing " tell me more " software i will never go back to rosetta stone . it is true that you can learn a lot of vocabulary with rosetta 's program but that is about it ! rosetta 's software is very illogical ! honestly , do not waste your time and money with this program , check tell me more and you will be amazed 
software neg 611.txt i 've been a long time user of trend micro 's pccillin but after reading poor reviews on their latest version i decided i did n't want to take a chance on it so i went looking for different anti-virus software . i stumbled onto this zonealarm ( piece of junk ) and after reading mostly wonderful reviews i down loaded their trial . it did n't seem too bad . after a few weeks i bought this 3 computer suite and installed it . i went a while longer and notice my computer 's performance was not as good as it was . i downloaded upgrades and uninstalled old versions and installed new . now after about a month my computer is practically unusable ( as well as the kid 's - they have been screaming about slow computer since the start ) . this zonealarm is the worst software i have ever used . it hogs cpu and memory . it gets the cpu usage to 80 - 100% and it does n't free it up . i shut down all programs and cpu just keeps churning away . the interesting thing is that at times i would check task manager processes and system idle would be 90% but when you check the performance tab the cpu chart would be near 100% ? go figure ! i finally said enough and uninstalled it ( and deleted every occurrence of zonealarm out of the registry ) and downloaded trend micro 's pccillin . it 's installed and i got my old machine back . log-ins take 40 seconds were they would take over 3 minutes with za . cpu is back to normal . you could n't give me this cr*ppy software . i wish i would have stuck with pccillin and saved the $40 
camera pos 966.txt i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck . 
dvd neg 499.txt im not sure why i gave this a second star ; maybe its because i feel guilty for always loathing everything john malkovich is associated with ? directed and written by spike jonze and charlie kaufman ( the same duo who gave us the equally pretentious " adaptation " ) , this one centers around an unsuccessful puppeteer ( john cusack ) who figures out how to enter into the body of actor john malkovich for 15 minutes at a time and manages to turn that talent into riches and fame but oh my he still isnt happy even tho he gets to hang out with cameron diaz 
software pos 450.txt i was bought for my 13month daughtor . this is her favorite litte touch book because lulu is very friendly friend . this is worthy of money . we love it 
books pos 404.txt everything that i 've made so far has been really really good . recipes are easy to follow and pack up nicely for next day lunches 
music neg 822.txt i like the music , but the sound quality is terrible . i bought this cd because it was released in 2003 , but there is zero improvement in sound quality from previous older tracks 
health pos 325.txt i bought the remington mb-300 mustache and beard trimmer for my husband and was holding my breath as he is very picky . he has a gorgeous full beard and keeps it precisely trimmed . the remington has several adjustments for length , that pleases him the most , it trims whatever he aims it at , and does it well . it is light weight and maneuvers easily . 
music neg 82.txt chingy is perhaps the most generic rapper in the world , he is a wack lyricist and all he ever talks about is gettin pu*sy . along with several other wack commercial rappers of recent years he tarnishes the name of hip hop , and because of retards like this non hip hop listeners dismiss the genre as cr*p and talentless ( which is not true ) . jackpot went multi platinum , which speaks volumes about the number of idiots who will buy anything with a tight beat . in fact the beats are n't all that bad , if this was an instrumental this would actually get a higher rating as i would not have to listen to his irritating voice . if you heard right thurr in a club and thought it was tight ( like i did ) , you are wrong , chingy did not produce this album so he deserves no credit for the beats . his lyrics are absolute garbage , what is sad is that a loser like this can get decent production , and some top lyricists have to work with nothing . compared to this album , his follow up powerballin bombed and with any luck it will be the last we ever hear from this loser . find him working at a mcdonalds near you soon ! ! 
camera neg 24.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
software neg 55.txt as is typical with software claiming to be " topo " , it is not . expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for usgs quads this software is not as advertised . since i own the other major competing program ( for which you need to buy each state in order to get quads ( and for which i can not seem to find wyoming ) ) , i was eagerly awaiting this package . in five minutes i realized delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker / mountain biker ( et al ) . you can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at delorme decided they would make the map blank ( apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $2.50 a piece ) . so , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . well , if i knew that , i would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . for 2.50 more i could get it laminated . yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go ( and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map ) . all in all , a complete waste of money- -i only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model ( versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work ) cheers . 
books pos 257.txt his basic thesis is that a liberal empire can be a greatly positive force in the world , and that the united states is already an empire , but that our inablility to acknowledge the fact leads us to waste our opportunities to be the afore mentioned positive force . ferguson writes that america is plagued by an attention deficit disorder and too much love of the good life . thus , we get distracted too easily from important events overseas , and when we do try to intervene , we want quick fixes and low costs . i could n't agree more with most of these points . as an american , i 'm greatly ashamed of our collective ignorance . i hate feeling like a foreigner in my our country because i watch the news or can find sumatra on a map . also , the book strikes a chord with me because of my frustration with half measures in foreign interventions . countless times , i believe america has done more harm than good by , if you will , talking the talk but not walking the walk . if we commit to something , we need to follow through . this is as true in iraq today as it has been in the past . we 've claimed to support democracy in latin america , but then turned bannana republics into bannana autocracies . we greatly prolonged and increased vietnam 's suffering without changing the end result at all . with all this commonality , however , there are a few leaps of logic that ferguson makes that i ca n't bring myself to agree with . basically , he did n't sell me on the thought that the imperial model is the best way to develop the world . how are we supposed to know what is best for everyone ? wo n't our own biases and self interests inevitably distort even our most altruistic efforts ? when ferguson hold 's up the british empire as a model of success , i ca n't help but notice that the best results came only to those places of british colonization , with horrendous consequences for each of the native populations there . and the two greatest examples of beneficial american imperialism - japan and germany - were already highly developed before world war ii , so it probably was n't that much of a wonder that we were able to help them return to such a state . even if the positive power of empire is conceded , there are important differences between the state of world during the british empire and the state of the world now . it 's a concern of immunity from repercussions . in the golden age of imperialism , europe was in a kind of splendid isolation from its empires . not to say that there were no reprercussions , but , with the only modern navies in the world , europe was immune to any very serious threats . on the other hand , in today 's world , as an effect of globalization , power has become more decentralized in some respects . think wmds , terrorists , and foreign investments in the u.s. economy , for example . can america as easily afford to make enemies in the developing world as the british could ? in the end " colossus " did n't settle any agruments for me , but raised new and interesting questions . it is a book that makes you think , and that in and of itself is worth four stars . 
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why 
music pos 210.txt this is a wonderful effort by the del castillo brothers and their band . mark and rick are great guitarists and the band is one of the best that i have ever heard . i hate that anyone would compare them to the gypsy kings or strunz and farrah , because i believe they ( del castillo ) are far superior . even though i am a huge fan of santana , i think brothers of the castle and vida are more entertaining and satisfying than santana 's last cd . if you are a fan of this genre , you should possess both del castillo cd's .....brothers of the castle and vida . their live show is among the best that i have ever seen 
books neg 840.txt richard fawkes ' writing is stilted , his phrases repetitive , and he does n't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military . do n't waste your time or money 
books pos 815.txt this was a required text for one of my graduate courses and i did n't expect to enjoy it much . it was n't far into the book that i began to resonate with some of the struggles for racial harmony articulated by perkins and rice . in chapter 1 , spencer perkins states emphatically , " the civil rights movement has run its course , and we 've gotten just about all you can expect to get from a political movement . " i , a white guy , took offense at the thought that someone would declare the struggle for civil rights obsolete . his point is well made through the development of this and subsequent chapters . the move toward reconciliation must move from race to grace . regardless of your religious affiliations , if you are engaged in civil rights causes or racial reconciliation you would be remiss to neglect this ground-breaking tome . pax erik 
health neg 949.txt i purchased the product . found it to be not accurate . also in order to get your ldl result you have to use 3 types of strips and a formula to calculate it - costly ! ! cumbersome ! ! ! 3 times " niddle " your fingers ! ! i returned the product 
software neg 325.txt it 's time to switch to any product but a symantec one : what was once the best security software company for pc users is now the worst . it was time to upgrade my systemworks premier to the 2007 version , so i checked out the ' 07 features online . but where was password manager ? hell , i have 187 passwords and logins i depend upon password manager to fill in - - at least 30 of them a day . after an hour on the phone with allegedly ' english-speaking ' symantec csr 's in bombay , the story i got was that customer surveys prompted them to ' drop ' password manager . not being stupid , i said , ' let me guess , symantec 's going to roll out a stand-alone password manager to extort another $40 from me' . ' oh , no , sir , no , no.. . ' and here it is : a $[...] rip-off , nothing but password manager - - not so cleverly disguised as ' the vault ' - - along with other features ie7 provides for free , and marketed as a ' new ' online security program . symantec seems to put more effort into playing marketing games with their customers than they do into making the programs they sell work correctly . norton anti-virus is a mess ; it 's once-a-week wednesday night updates are now a joke : launch your attack , release your new virus on a thursday morning and you 'll have millions of nav subscribers at your mercy for at least a week . three times in the past few months , nav has failed to stop an attack - - after several years of never failing . systemworks too seems to be causing more problems than it solves ( i 'm continually rolling back to undo ' fixes ' one button checkup or windoctor creates , after the ' fix ' crashes my system ) . goodbye , norton , hello mcafee - - or anybody else . this rip-off - - deleting password manager from systemworks only to regurgitate it as this bug-filled mess called norton confidential - - is the last straw 
books neg 574.txt i was eager to read this book , but after reading it i was left completely flat . the rest of the iceberg ? hardly . smith barely gives us more than what we could get from reading sports illustrated , or any minnesota sports page . he admits he 's not a fan of football , but for the majority of the book leisurely describes the most basic parts of his football career . this book is touted as : his full and complete story . so we learned he was watching ren & stimpy during his nfl draft . wow , are these the types of meaty stories that we want to read ? how about telling us more of the inside details.. . how did smith deal with people who wanted to be his friends or girlfriends only because he was a star football player ? who were his friends that he could trust , and when did he need that trust ? what thoughts enter your mind as you look to hire an agent ? what was he doing when he was " goofing off and missing class all summer " which led to one of the most covered stories of his time at ohio state ? when , and why did he begin using pot ? if football is not " smart " enough for him , why does n't he study and break down some of the coaching process that is more mentally challenging ? what happened to plans for medical school ? we know the stories of football ; those are the parts of the iceberg that have already been documented . i also felt smith wrote this book as if he is defending himself from all of america . who is attacking him ? why does he feel the need to explain why he was paid so much ? highly paid athlete stories are , sorry for the pun , a dime a dozen . he tries to compare his sitting out for more money to a scenario for the average guy . the truth is , many people will take a job for 5% less than a co-worker because yes , they value things other than money , and yes , they are happy to have a job . leaving the grammatical errors to the other reviewers , it felt like i was reading an average high school creative writing project . ' i did this , i did that , i went to bed , next day . ' half of his quotes are from the wellspring of deep philosophy : pop music . smith notes " less than 50 percent of americans read at a 10th-grade level " . well , this book certainly wo n't tax the reading ability of too many people . one lesson from this book is that smith had opportunities to swallow his pride , take some coaching , and come up with a better solution . this book is another one of those times . he should have hired an editor or writing consultant who could give guidance . build the characters ; help us feel their stories . instead , smith felt it necessary to go alone to get to the raw emotions . sorry , but compared to other autobiographies , this was not an emotional book . i 'm sure smith is all the things that mike gutter says he is , such as : thoughtful , honest , trustworthy , dependable , passionate.. . but i felt that some of the best stories that would demonstrate these characteristics were left out of this book . instead , we are still looking for the rest of the iceberg . 
books neg 664.txt as a beef eating hindu i am very much interested in finding how cows became holy for hindus and beef a forbidden thing to eat . i browsed through this book in a book store and found it to be very disappointing . first , it appeared to be intended more for creating controversy than for informational purposes . it clearly had a bias which turned me off . second , i am generally up-to date on current issues and remembered that it did not generate all that controversy as mentioned on the cover of the book . there were some rumblings but nothing of the sort described on the covers ( " the government of india demands be ritually burned " ) . later i searched on google with the book title and words " ban " , " government of india " and found no news reports relating any government of india attempts at banning this book . there were no reports on ban by allahabad high court either . all i found were book reviews on the book and other articles written mainly by political commentators known for their leftist opinions . third , i found some material on internet on how the author misinterpreted much of the scriptures to support his conclusions . it basically left me disappointed and i am still searching for some reliable and accurate material on this matter . 
books pos 83.txt wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own " starving artist " myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more- -thanks to caroll- -i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available 
camera neg 531.txt return ? ha ha ! ! ! you must email them for permission . they do n't provide the email address . i have spent untold hours trying to get them to respond . they will do everything to avoid returns . and amazon just looks the other way . do n't do it ! 
health pos 926.txt my youngest daughter has had mild to severe asthma for 32 years and has had to use an inhaler almost on a daily basis . i bought her this product to use in her new house as she was having severe asthma attacks from dust , mold , pollen , ect . she has been using this product for three ( 3 ) months now and she has not had to use her inhaler a single time . we have used several other brands and types of air cleaners in the past twenty years but none have proven as effective as this product . highly recommeded 
music neg 38.txt if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part . 
software pos 489.txt this was by far a great program , and never had a problem with it loading on our computer . fast installation and very easy to work with . plenty of available online , over the phone , or program tutorial help ! awesome program , even comes with a tshirt and 2 transfers 
health pos 407.txt this razor is the best i have ever shaved with . it copes with every length of hair and angle of growth whether i shave every day , every other day , or even every third day . perfect 
music pos 913.txt this is the best " cover " album i have ever seen or heard in my life . a wonderful selection of material and a reflection of agnetha 's great judgment of how best to pay tribute to her favorite , and most influential , musical artists . her voice is absolutely flawless and just as powerful ( and pure ) as her days of old with abba . it would have sold well with the right kind of promotion such as touring which i read she had planned at one point . unfortunately , she had to cancel any such ideas . i would travel anywhere in the world to see her live just once in my life , whether it be to listen to any of the catchy tunes from this album or anything previous . we can only hope the day will come that she will do a live show again for us adoring and anxious fans . it 's certainly not out of the realm of possibility . it is neither an impossibility that agnetha record subsequent material in the not too distant future as this album without a doubt indicates she has so much great music left in her soul to share with the world 
dvd neg 400.txt i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it , though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover . shandala is truly a wonderful character , pure and good , and the characterization of her is very tender , so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting . oh , how wrong of me to think so , because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings , the message of " hope " the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain 's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the " truth " is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent , good woman is the only way to save the world ! spare me . and if you think that i am disgusted by this message , just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character 's final opinions . although the story is technically good , i 'm only giving it one star for the message of despair . 
music pos 727.txt hell rell did his job , i was n't expecting anything as good as this . hell rell outdid himself . 
software pos 27.txt this is an easy product to use . it saves you when a disk drive fills up and you want to use the same partiction but need more space . it will grab it from another hard drive . it is also useful in setting up a d : drive for documents , and and e : drive for programs . it is useful to have windows on c : alone . there are fewer crashes . michael common 
health neg 502.txt my one star rating is for amazon 's service , not the waterpik attachment , which i never received . despite the fact that i ordered this on 20 february 2007 and shipping was stated to be 7-9 days ( and is still stated to be 7-9 days ) , two weeks later amazon has contacted me that shipping on this item will not be until 5-9 april 2007. i have canceled the item and ordered from another internet store and should receive this in a few days . in my many years ordering from amazon , i have found it 's best not to order any items with any type of shipping delay , as shipping almost always takes far longer than promised . i do n't understand why amazon ca n't keep better track of their inventory 
health pos 920.txt i was unsure if this product would be as good as the one sold at brookstone . it is great ! just as good as the ijoy sold at brookstone , but much cheaper . i love it 
software pos 769.txt i ca n't believe this application . i bought it last year and i have 200 pages completed . i can truthfully say that i will never scrapbook the traditional way from this moment on . so fast and easy ! i will be all up to date with my scrap booking for x-mas ' 05. i am overjoyed . i do n't believe i know anyone who scrapbooks traditionally anymore ! thanks for simplifying my life 
books pos 87.txt published in 1986 , dr. deming " out of the crisis " seems to form the basis for the transformation needed in american management mentality . two main subjects are discussed in the book . the first is the exposure of problems and pitfalls in top management operations , the second , relates suggestions and solutions that can solve and transform the way american management operates . 14 core points are suggested by dr. deming to address problems in management and are supported by many examples using different scientific methods . throughout the book , dr. deming promotes the loss of slogans that are even today being practiced by a share of the american industry , and advocates management that is based on principles such as quality and leadership . at times , the book is not a continuous process that is easy to follow , but overall , dr. deming 's concepts are transferred to the reader . dr. deming 's " out of the crisis " helped me learn new perspectives about how management and employees can help in building or transforming an industry to a successful one . 
software pos 323.txt i have been using frontpage 2003 and decided that web expression web was the next stage in my website building hobby . it was easy to install , and i can still use frontpage 2003 on my existing websites . no need for frontpage extensions which will be a plus on one of the server hosts i use . also bought " using microsoft expression web " by jim cheshire . an excellent book . still have much to learn , but looks like fun 
health neg 912.txt not the pumps described even though i tried everything else . i found that taking whey protein isolate at 200grams per day worked better at giving me a pump during my workouts . 
dvd neg 13.txt " con express " has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it 
dvd neg 955.txt when you look at the cover , you think it 's about a fantastic trip into a black hole , and what they find inside , but it isn't . it 's about a nemo wannabe wanting to enter the black hole . i especially did not like the ending . overall i would rate it : story-3 stars actors-4 stars music-4 stars ending-0 stars overall - 2 stars i am not insulting disney , i think it came out just how " they " wanted it to . and , as with most disney movies , the only pg part is violence . i liked the actors and the robots , but other than that , it is a waste of money 
camera neg 86.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
camera pos 233.txt excellent choice to make a great job . 
health pos 651.txt this makeup covers my rosea and a birthmark . its light and lasts all day . i put it on with a brush . and i love how i do n't feel or look like i have makeup on at all . love the case and the mirror..thanks ! jud 
dvd neg 666.txt colorado 's san juan mountains from durango to silverton to ouray is my favorite place to vacation in the usa . so when i saw the preview of durango kids on another dvd , i decided to rent it on netflix . it is one of those movies where villains are cartoonish , and the kids , while cute , outsmart all the stupid adults . the first 30 minutes showed some nice locations in and around durango , including the steam train ( that 's why i purchased a used copy ) but then it goes into time travel to save ouray from becoming a ghost town and the movie becomes a stupid bore , intended for young and undemanding children . do n't bother unless you love durango as much as i do 
music neg 425.txt this is the cheesiest music ever . phil collins , glenn frey , chaka khan ? are you kidding me ? these were the worst artists of the 80's . where 's u2 , rem , the pixies , x , the pretenders , tom petty , prince , springsteen , the replacements , husker du ? does anyone like rock and roll ? phil collins writes songs for disney and pixar now ! what did glenn frey know about ' smugglers blues ' ? do you think he was writing from the experience or from the heart ? these are the worst artists , songwriters and performers of the 80's . enjoy the nostalgia , but the art which is song is seriously missing on this cd . 
health neg 917.txt i bought this heating pad about a month ago and it did not get near as hot as i would like ! it is so hard to find a good heating pad now , but i would not reccomend this one 
health neg 409.txt i like how quickly the rollers heat - a vast improvement over waiting at least half an hour . however , like the other reviewer said - i absolutely hate the clips . they are all one size , so they are too large for the smallest rollers . i also do n't like them because they do n't keep the roller still like the " u " shaped clips did , and they leave a dent impression in my hair . i do n't recommend them primarily because of the clip system 
books pos 490.txt the sun shines , planets orbit , corporations lie voraciously , humans consume mindlessly and noam chomsky - the pre-eminent intellectual of the modern era - churns out knowledge , elucidates the times and refutes the notion that it is our manifest destiny to perpetually suffer indignity . in a wide-ranging series of question and answer sessions chomsky tackles a myriad of seemingly disparate topics , which ultimately pertain to and concern the economic and political system and the welfare of humanity . unlike books authored by chomsky himself which tackle specific topics understanding power - the indispensable chomsky is the transcript of sessions traversing a decade during which chomsky takes questions from the audience on a number of topics ranging from us foreign policy , imperialism , trade and the third world to propaganda , corporate media , solutions to the collective malaise and the march towards a more just system and society . expounding on his legendary encyclopaedic knowledge and command of logic , professor chomsky manages to offer the questioners , and by extension the readers , a radical approach distinct from the boilerplate and mind-numbing discussions of the corporate media . refuting the suitability of handling our problems by working within the system and nibbling at the edges chomsky offers an alternative to the broken system without resorting to the expected customary answers like a broken record . as thoughtful and brilliant as the discourse is , the book 's editors also deserve much praise not only for the compilation , but also for the easy to read format and the lively pace of the book . understanding power could easily have been entitled understanding the system and is a brilliant book based on the profound teachings of a brilliant thinker 
books neg 499.txt this is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author . the book is poorly researched , poorly written and , well , words just fail me . while i am not a great herriot fan , i do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story ( is n't that what authors are suppose to do ? ) but this guy graham lord , i suspect , has problems feeding paper into his typewriter ! the intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a & quot ; dead&quot ; and popular author , it is rather nauseating . shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work ! i did finish the book though ( thank god i did not purchase the thing ) because each page became worse and worse and i could not stop , thinking with each turn of the page & quot ; well it just cannot be any worse than that last page / chapter . &quot ; how wrong i was ! if you must read the thing , borrow it or check it out of a library . i would hate to see a person waste their money , and i certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this . herriot 's life , warts and all , could be such a fastinating subject . i do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually . we certainly did not get it here 
camera neg 361.txt i have had several people take my pictures.at first , everything is fine.the pictures are ok.the next day , my face looks like a pile of baby vomit.it is soooo blury.then it got 2 the point where every picture i took was blury.i tried fixing it online ( like on the program for the camera ) and it would not work.i hate this camera ! ! ! not to mention the battery sucks.it lasts maybe 3 1 / 2 hours.this camera should be $99.00.trust me people......if i could rate this thing at a zero i would.it is not worth it.however , a camera i absolutely love is the sony cybershot dsct5.an awesome little camera 
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain 
music pos 671.txt i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's & quot ; tragedy&quot ; is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of & quot ; come softly to me&quot ; . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 & quot ; goodnight my love&quot ; album . 
music pos 981.txt first of all i 'm a die hard ufo fan , i own every ufo album not just the michael shenker cd's ...some of you fools reviewing the ufo albums without michael ..1 ) do the band a disservice 2 ) are smokin crack , and 3 ) are very inept in your musical judgement . while i 'm a huge shenker fan he is far from the greatest guitar god , and i hate to break the news to ya 's but for overall sound / effect and appeal paul chapmans just good as michael on many a song . that bein said making contact is one of the top five ufo albums made ! ! ! ! the top five ufo albums any fan should get are ( phenomenon , lights out , no place to run , making contact , and walk on water ) along with the two live cd 's bbc , and strangers in the night . misdemeaner has some cool 80 's guitar and is an attempt at mainstream ( and they deserve to be mainstream ) so who can blame them , and some of these songs are pretty cool...if , i might add if you have an open mind ( so that excludes most of you shenker diehards ) ........... 
books neg 639.txt this book is perfunctory and extremely shallow . russell 's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight . however , it is amusing at times , hence the star 
health neg 20.txt ordered this item on sept 28. they were supposed to ship it within 1 week . after 1 week i received an email , they said they needed 2 more weeks . another email today ( nov 7 ) , they think they can deliver it by november 27. that 's 2 months after i placed my order . at this point , i am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year . fortunately with amazon , they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order , which is what i am going to do right now 
music pos 286.txt although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way 
dvd neg 582.txt this movie is so dumb that it 's as good with the sound off as with the sound on . the only reason to watch it is to observe the extreme beauty of both leads . a plot as old as the written word could still form the basis of an ok movie with a good script , but this script has no charm , no wit , no nothing 
software neg 185.txt the title of this product is a joke . it should be called " not easy cd burning " . roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . it is way too complicated for burning simple cds 
dvd pos 428.txt i liked very much these series . you will enjoy every momets in this moives . it is deserve a place in my collection 
dvd neg 277.txt this dvd covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds ! it does not give enough body to the addition explanation and is hard to follow . it was a pure waste of money 
music neg 57.txt this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have . 
music pos 745.txt excellent songwriting , guitar playing and overdubbing . another live album following his first with previously recorded songs not on frampton comes alive would have been just as successful as comes alive . days dawning , crying clown , fanfare are a few such songs . a few songs from wind of change , something 's happening , and even a couple from his early days with the herd would have contributed to a second successful live album rather than the i 'm in you album which was a terrible disappointment 
camera pos 960.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
software neg 304.txt both versions of scansoft cause my installer to have problems . mainly it tries to re-install softscan every time i start up softscan . also it has started to try and reinstall softscan if i try to right click on a jpg . there is very little to no chance of getting any help from scansoft ( nuance ) to debug this problem . save your money and buy some thing else 
music pos 591.txt how dare you compare oasis to phil collins . phil collins sucks and oasis rules ! how come you do n't get the message ? you 're retarded 
music pos 95.txt like many of the highly talented and innovative groups of the 1980 's , the pet shop boys were ahead of their time . this album was purchased mainly for " west end girls " and " it 's a sin . " play this album from beginning to end without interruption - it 's fantastic . " loves comes quickly " emerges for me as the best of the pet shop boys remarkable and unique sound - a composition reflecting orchestral complexity and pulsating energy . the great contributions of great britain and australia to music in the 1980 's in my opinion comes largely from their composers and performers effectively combining the power and harmonic complexity of some classical music compositions of the mid 1920 's to the early 1950 's ( no doubt the origins of some great movie scores ) with the emerging sophistication and always present upbeat effect of rock and roll . you will love the pet shop boys 
books neg 250.txt should martha rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a " business decision " ? i would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this " criminal spectacle " designed to make the question of martha / mdiddy 's innocence a moot point . are honest business practices being pushed to the side ? by normalizing , generalizing , and minimalizing martha / mdiddy 's crimes , are we loosing our morality ? how important is integrity to a leader...former ceo of a company ? be " thoughtful 
software pos 338.txt the immersion process is the only one that works , and this product is a first rate immerser , making the study painless , even immensely pleasurable as one realizes he / she is coming to " own " a new language and perspective . in working with students it is the best " head start " method that i know of , comparable to one-on-one study for at least a year with an accomplished tutor . unlike less effective methods , it quickly achieves the essential purpose of deeply internalizing the language if one does each of the processes thoroughly . of course continued study , especially in acquiring vocabulary , is necessary , just as it is for those acquiring a native language - the study of any language is ongoing . i would give this program 50 stars if that option were available . 
books pos 942.txt having attended the fictitious " grove school " bingham describes in this book , i am confident in saying that it is all true . we are all indeed messed up and destined for the ivy league . in any event , the fictitious " fairfield academy " does also exist . i frequent the grove house of pizza and i highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub . bingham has written a fine text and i only wish he were alive to read these reviews now . hip hip hooray 
software neg 820.txt come one people , windows vista is not only as unstable as it 's windows predecesors with a very uglu memory management and a really unsecure and ineffective hard drive and files management ; i 've lost lots of very important files due to windows " errors " that shut down applications and even the pc itself , so i decided my self : to use linux or to die with microsoft ! , and i 'm still alive ! ; - ) as i told you , vista is nothing more but a cheap copy of visual effects that linux users had from several years from now ; in facto , right now i 'm using a linux version called sabayon and it is a million light years away from windows vista , it 's visual effects are simply incredible ( try searching " beryl " in youtube for you to know what i 'm talking aboyt ) , i have not only 3d windows , but 3d desktops , incredible effects to minimize and maximize and a veeeery looooong list of features that you have to see it for yourself to beleave it . i know that you might be concerned for several aspects at this points that wooried me in time ( when i was evaluating windows vs linux ) : 1. - my documents , that will happen with them ? . nothing will happen , in fact you 'll ba able to open them and modify them as you please , the oppenoffice suite is totally compatibble with your microsoft documents . 2. - my programs ? , well there are several options to run windows programs in linux , as " cedega " , " wine " , etc etc etc , si it means that you will be able to run most of the windows programs in linux . 3. - is it hard to use ? . no way ! , it 's as easy to use as windows , you will only have to dedicate a few time ( may be a couple of hours ) to understand several conceps as the multiple destops , the file system , and the users and permission management ( that is the one of the most secures in the world ) ( microsoft windows cant 's say that ! ) . so , if you do n't beleave search google for sabayon and youtube for beryl and you will open your eyes ! . so.. . think about spending this 400 bucks twice , because sabayon and other versions as ubuntu , kubuntu , some versions of suse , and other linux distributions are totaly free of charge ! . you only have to download them and burn it to a cd or dvd , whatever you like . 
camera neg 802.txt i received this as a gift and at first i thought it was great , but then i realized it would only display 142 images . i worked with technical support for several months ( they are not the speediest or most helpful ) . i resized , renamed , restructured the photos , tried them on different media and finally they admitted it was a bug . i rma 'd the unit at my shipping expense of course , only to recieve another with the same problem . i would n't recommend this purchase 
health pos 658.txt excellent product . really protects you . my dermatologist recommended this product and although it 's more expensive - it 's worth the protection for your skin . i 'm glad my children are using it 
music pos 641.txt this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it 
music neg 206.txt anyone who rates this more than one star has mental deficiencies . seriously 
health pos 923.txt this contains 16 servings , which means it will last you half a month . that 's pretty expensive when you break the price down by serving and whne compared with a 1 month supply of the flax capsules that costs $7. however , liquid flax oil is a lot more concentrated than the pills you buy at the store . a flax oil pill typically contains 1000mg of flaxseed oil and a suggested dosage of 2-3 times a day . so with pills you 're getting 2-3g of flax oil a day . with liquid flax oil , you 're getting 14g of flax . if you are buying this for it 's purported treatment of acne , sunburn , diverticular disorders , hemorrhoids , and more serious health conerns , it 's probably best to consume the liquid flax oil . if you just want the benefits of lower cholesterol and heart disease prevention , a pill a few times a day , combined with fish oil should be all you need . it 's definitely easier though to take a spoonful of this in the morning than 3 flax pills a day , and when you loook at value , you 're getting 224g of flax oil in this bottle when compared with a typical 100g in a 100 pill bottle of the capsules . it all depends on what you need it for 
dvd pos 248.txt this movie is asome its one of my favorites from the 90 's and probably my favorite plot twister / who done it along with m night shamylans films . this movies great plot is over looked by the average americans craving desire of sex and scandal which is retarded and makes this country alittle less than great . anyway the shear sex appeal is also one of the tones that makes this movies atomasphere so great the music hits it perfect and the 2 leads are my favorite younger actress ' neve campbell and denise richards who are both perfect for they 're rolls . the whole movie is just oozing with sex appeal that combined with the story makes it irresistable . which is unexpected from john mcnaughton as it was his first big claim to fame film . bill murray adds some much needed comic releif and the plot will keep you guessing till the end and will fool anyone even those retards from csi . the 2 girls have " it " in theyre rolls they just seem to fit together like a sexy peanut butter and jelly sandwhich . i was fist drawn to this film ever since i meet matt dillon at universal studios he was just asome and i had to see him act , and everyone recommended this movie for that and he was asome in it to . infact i wouldnt mind meeting the whole cast all of them are huge idols of mine and theyre all so cool . i do miss neve campbell. . i wish she 'd come back to films and it looks like she will . so if your looking for a once in a lifetime plot and an asome cast this movie has it or if your like the 99.9% of people who have seen this and you only like it for the threesome and the pool scenes then i guess its good for that to since ive only seen the editied verison . ps dont waste ur time with the other sequals theyre stupid and repeats of this one with not so famous casts . take a look at the fist still at the bottom it sums up the whole " it " thing i was taking about you just feel an incredible amount of " cool " form that shoot , well i did anyway 
books neg 264.txt a serious snooze fest . of course , if you are a huge kim newman fan , you 'll be pleased ; literally every other story in the book is one . if you must read this book , check it out from the library ; at least that way you wo n't be wasting your money 
health pos 249.txt i have been using kiss my face olive oil soap for years , and i wo n't let any other soap touch my face ! i found it when i was searching for a soap that would n't make my skin itch all over after a shower . i can tell you that after years and years , my sensitive skin has never once itched after i used kmf ! the soap is mild , with a neutral scent , which is a big plus . it cleans great , but does n't leave my skin dried out . the 8 ounce bars are a bit large , but worth the wait until they shrink down to a size that 's easier for us smaller-hands people 
health pos 541.txt the satin finish and the design are very attractive . i had to pump each chamber about 100 times to get it primed but after that it worked great . you might want to prime it with water instead of shampoo to get things going . the directions , which i lost , said something about priming . installation was easy . it includes both glue or 4 short adhesive strips . i went with the adhesive strips and it seems secure . i figured if i ever have to remove it , i could just pull it off and use goof off to remove the adhesive . if you fill one of the chambers with body soap , i recommend neutrogena rainbath refreshing shower and bath gel , original formula and a natural sponge . i bought a synthetic sponge that looks like a natural one at wal-mart and it 's a little rough 
music pos 516.txt i really enjoyed the song kids in america by no secrets . both of my children enjoyed it as well . in fact i have been looking for their cd or for more information on them . i thought they were cute , fresh , and brought a new touch to the song 
software neg 893.txt ...buy it here and save $s ! shipping cost from the uk added $46.95 to the price and a foreign debit card transaction fee of $2.51 for a waste of $49.46 that could have been spent getting additional models . or get the download version and save even more as like someone else pointed out , the included manual is near useless and has not improved since version 4. practical poser 6 is still the best book to get if you are serious about doing poser 6 development 
health neg 279.txt the scale is everything the manufacturer claims . however , with minimal use by one average sized adult , our scale lasted only about nine months . the balance part of the scale is very sound , but the battery clip that powers the electronics is poorly designed and built of very cheap components . i suspect that poor q&a will result in a fairly high percentage of these units failing and recommend that you go elsewhere . today , my scale will not function unless i hold the batteries by hand ( not too practical when someone is standing on it.. . ) . conclusions : * scale design is nice- -looks good . * construction of balance components is solid , glass is very strong . design and construction of the power unit ( battery ) is rather poor . * scale functions as advertised for a normal sized ( 80kg / 175lb ) adult ... until the battery power clip dies . * buyers should avoid this scale in favor of something with more solid battery compartment and connections . hope this helps ! 
books pos 924.txt this is the greatest unfinished work in all of american literature , and also the best book on filmmaking ever written . so much compassion and wisdom 
music pos 46.txt these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever 
music neg 568.txt first they started out as nu-metal , then they moved onto metalcore , and now psuedo-death metal . it should be no surprise to the fools who listen to this garbage that they are clearly following trends , and after each trend dies , they just move on to another one . if my calculations are correct , expect a psuedo-black metal release . but , what about the musicians ? sure , they have a fast drummer...who likes to trigger alot , then they have two guitarists...who like to steal pantera riffs , and then they have the singer , who , well , sounds just like all the rest . atleast they dont have the dj anymore ( oh wait , they do , nevermind . ) enough of my rambling , how does this untalented group of posers fair up ? well , image if mushroomhead went metalcore . ' nuff said . avoid 
camera pos 289.txt this camera is a steal . the reviews on amazon helped me decide on this camera and sure it is worth it . 
dvd neg 632.txt stay away from all the movies from wesley snipes ' and steven seagal's . they are brain-dead movies with brain-dead screenplays , bad directors , bad everythings . this movie , like other viewers ' said , drove me nuts . i have to wear straight jacket to refrain myself everytime when i watched these two guys ' movies , otherwise i might have crashed my tv set or trashed everything around me in order to vant my frustration . amazon.com should also stay away from selling this crappy movie . god help us . 
dvd neg 776.txt so what kind of movie is this from the director of " i know what you did last summer ? " it 's basically another installment of the same genre with a similar set-up and similar function . deep down , venom is just another teen slasher movie . they rode into this film with the same clichd scares , a young group of teens , a psycho killer , and a traditional ending . so is it worth seeing ? that i ca n't completely answer for you . if you like more of the same old , then it 's probably going to be a blast . the filmmakers were smart enough to throw in a few thrilling moments among the mundane , overused plot . i found some parts to be slightly unpredictable , and they did a good job detailing some suspenseful moments near the third act of the film . the voodoo element allowed for some additional surprises and kept the killer from being simply " an unstoppable evil force . " but individually , do the separate factors of this film combine to make a masterpiece ? quite frankly , in my opinion at least....no . let 's take a look at some of them ; acting - well done , well directed too i might add . the acting is realistic to a degree , and brings us into the film . the actors responded ( for the most part ) realistically to the story line and i think that this was set-up nicely . the major issue here was the persistence in finding a gun when the killer is already dead , not to mention a demon child of voodoo hoodoo . lighting - dim , dark and mysterious ; the lighting definitely amplified the mood of this film . combined with the swamp-like location , i think that it sets a perfect example of what a good location combined with good lighting can do - make a relatively unattractive plot look beautiful . special effects - they set this up pretty well . a few scenes made me cringe and i felt that the artists working on the film definitely put their hearts into it...or bled them out for it . the gore was n't excessive , but just right for a slasher film , and props to the director for making that call . my only qualm with this is that they used the standard halloween " stage blood " which is just basically a thick bright red liquid that looks nothing like blood despite its color . a few of the actors squirm around in it , only to look like they 're rolling around in pizza sauce . there are a few other tacky special effects , including the last major one in the film . the killer - mr. jangles... . ? enough said...sounds like a dog . i 'll give the killer credit for being a good actor , but the portrayal needed a lot of work . the make-up kicked it up a notch , but the slow-motion style jumps and action-movie style stunts did n't do it justice . the man looked like an athlete and moved like one...not like a reincarnated being housing the souls of 13 evil spirits . although i do n't specifically know what that looks like....i 'm sure they do n't run like football players . so what overall ? it 's ok . not something i 'd be dying to see , and i 'm glad that i did n't run to the theatre to catch the first showing . it has some good moments and some bad , but does n't really stand out from any normal hollywood production . my recommendation ? it 's ok . i 'd rather go rent containment instead ; the first movie in a long time to completely blow my mind . it 's good to know that there is still some talent out there somewhere and that it still filters into the film world now and again.. . 
software pos 990.txt this software is very user friendly , easy to install , easy to use . i would recommend it to anyone 
health neg 890.txt there are so many different sites that all tell you that ' they ' have the best absorbed coenzyme q10 manufactured . it 's hard to know who is really telling the absolute truth or just propagandizing a product for quick sale . we are born with extremely high levels of coenzyme q10 and then it gets slowly used up as the years pass even if we actually eat the foods that resupply our bodies . and who purposefully eats these foods for the coenzyme q10 content ? the mitochondria in every single cell in our body needs this coenzyme for production of energy . by the time we are over 40 , our levels have dropped significantly and our energy levels have dropped with it . i must admit that this nature 's made product does not seem to increase my energy level like other company 's coenzyme q10 does . so , from my own reaction to this product , i do not recommend this particular coenzyme q10. there are several other companies that make excellent , effective products ( like dr. whitaker 's and dr. sinatra 's and dr. william 's ) but not this nature made product 
dvd pos 185.txt phantom quest corp. an action / comedy film about the drunken , karoake singing , party girl ayaka and her friends taking on paranormal enemies , from dracula to a possessed surgeon , mummies , and even magical monks . this movie is a comedic romp through the world of supernatural events . the only set backs on this flick can be that the theme songs can get a little annoying after hearing them too many times , the series is too short although it was still good . the video quality was also pretty nice , and subtitles were understandable and on que . the plot is sort of like scooby doo without the guys in masks , but more action and laughs . all in all this film is a great buy and worth the money spent . a great addition to any anime collection . 
dvd pos 344.txt this is a visually elegant and thematically frightening movie . it conjures up some authentically unearthly and mysterious atmosphere . once agan the outstanding musical accompaniment of tomandandy helps to elevate the film to a level of dread not seen since do n't look now back in ' 73. this was a strangely malinged and neglected film at the time of its release but i think history will mark it out , alongside white noise , as the best of the thrillers that came out in the wake of the success of the sixth sense . 
books neg 205.txt if you are looking for a " feel good " book about baby boomer retirement , this book may have some value for you . but if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to , this book is n't the answer . each segment-work , dreams , travel-is short and does n't address many relevant issues . for example , regarding the work chapter , the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap . well , that is speculative with globalism . those jobs may be outsourced . most are low paying . many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining . yes , there may be wal-mart jobs but is this your retirement dream ? the work chapter sounds a lot like most " do what you love " books . but doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income . these and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed . i could pick apart other chapters in the same manner 
health pos 457.txt this heating pad wraps around , stays put , does a perfect job and turns off by itself . spend the money and get a better mousetrap 
camera pos 537.txt this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is 
music pos 253.txt this was one of my first albums i got . i got it because of ' paradise city ' but got adapted quickly to ' welcome to the jungle ' and rest . there were only few more metal / rock albums that made such impact on my taste during teens : maiden 's ' powerslave ' , megadeth ' rust in peace ' and suicidal tendencies ' lights...camera...revolution ' 
software pos 553.txt the program seems to be much more accurate . i am still learning but i feel it was a worthwhile investment . i can write my e-mail much faster now . i highly recommend it and i feel it was worth the cost 
camera neg 133.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
books pos 732.txt this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat 
camera neg 122.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
camera neg 821.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
camera neg 714.txt i purchased this digital picture frame after doing my homework , and reading all the reviews i could on the different kinds . the one i purchased was flawed , and would take 5 or 6 tries of inserting the memory card before i could get it to boot up . when it was running i was very disappointed with the quality of the pictures . what the description of this product does not tell you is - the frame does not come with a usb cable - so it does not hook up to a computer . this means that you must either have all the pics you want to display already on a memory card from your camera , or that you must have / purchase a card reader to download the pics from your computer to your camera card . ( a side note - if you have a sony digital camera , memory sticks do not allow you to back any pics onto them from your computer that were not taken in their format - so forget about using pics someone else sent , you took with another camera , or you reformatted with a photo program ) . i went with the digital pic frame from brookstone instead - far better quality , and much more user friendly 
software neg 260.txt this game was a little too hard for my tastes . despite the fact that i played at the junior level i managed to get killed shortly after starting out . i also had to restart the game to figure out what my room number was because once i left the room i could n't find my way back ( all the corridors look alike ) . so far i 've fallen down an elevator shaft , gotten caught breaking and entering , been crushed by an elevator , frozen to death and been hit over the head...i 've got to ask is this really appropriate for children 
camera pos 355.txt these cameras are as simple to use as any i have ever seen and the quality of the pictures are as good or better than cameras costing 3 times as much . great buy 
music pos 504.txt for those of us who thought phil collins was to be lost in the mass pop culture , think again.. . that was back in the early 80s when i heard this. . it is mastery distille 
books neg 129.txt it takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing . this book is a very poor way of handling thw well-known concept of paradigms and paradigm shifts . if you are at all familiar with these concepts simply forget buying this book as ( just because you paid money for it ) you will naturally be inclined to read it and this will be a total waste of time and energy . there are so many books on creativity , innovative thinking and innovation ; look for them . this is a book on nothing : was it a busines book on business models ? was it a cookbook for personal development ? what was this for god 's sake , apart from being an insult on iltelligence 
software neg 85.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram ) 
dvd neg 838.txt she is a little poser ! ! ! kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . she wo n't be so happy when i kick her between the legs . also , those stupid little cowboy boots . she really sucks . i 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . that shown her ! ! ! the movie was good , but she stinks 
dvd pos 701.txt noel and liam and jarvis are f* &king hilarious...damon needs to off himself...same with the weirdo journalist with the upper-class accent...this video is good at making britpop seem like an actual period in music...hahahahaha...whatever...besides , everyone knows radiohead and prodigy were quite accepted in the u.s. and were very original...oasis is an awesome , lethal rock n roll band , anyone who loves rock n roll have to love oasis...do n't cheat yourself. . 
dvd neg 298.txt this film was boring and convoluted . one big mess that you should not waste your precious cash on 
books pos 529.txt shadowbred by paul kemp is simply an excellent book . the story is incredibly engrossing , the atmosphere set for each scene is really top-notch , and the journey paul takes his character 's through is really incredible . we see personal demons and struggles of the heroes . struggles with faith , the journey of an anti-hero to a hero and whether he can really make this journey . the villains are equally deep and interesting and frankly human . if you are a fan of fantasy literature , definitely pick this one up - you wo n't regret it . as a side note , you might want to pick up the previous books by paul featuring erevis cale as well 
dvd pos 30.txt i read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards . a few of the characters were switched around , but i was so impressed with the adaptation . a thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when mr. arnold 's arm drops on ellie 's shoulder as she 's trying to turn the generator back on , for example . there have been countless lines i 've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times , due to my obsession . and after watching it more than 25 times , i 've come to appreciate it more . great cast - sam neil is my favorite . richard attenborough is a little too cute and nice , but i liked his white clothing , the hat , and the amber cane . wayne knight was incredible as nedry , the slob . he 's as likeable as ever , though somewhat the villain . i always hate it when he dies . jeff goldblum fit the description of ian malcom from crichton 's novel well . crichton sparked my interest in chaos theory , sometimes called the butterfly effect . i am a firm believer in it . and of course , in the novel and film , malcolm was right . " life finds a way.. . " ( in chaos theory , the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions , and " random " - -unpredictable- - events result from the " normal " equation / setup , because there is never a fixed set of outcomes ; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity . hammond thought his system was without error , that he was in complete control . he believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female , but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian dna that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur dna . this dna gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce , " survive , " in a single-sex environment . and it turned out that hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought , and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals . ) love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet . we watched the mr. dna segment in a high school biology class . i 've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated ( though i found mr. hammond 's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour ? ) . the kids were kind of annoying . i did n't notice this until i was a little older , but lex ( " i prefer to be called a hacker " ) uses silicon graphics ' 3d file system navigator to turn power back on in the park . their logo is on the monitor . if only unix were as popular as windows is now.. . anyway , the soundtrack was classic - it was the first cd i bought , back in the mid-90s . tonya harding skated to the theme at the 1994 olympics , or some other competition . i only liked her because of her excellent music choice 
books pos 327.txt i dedicate this review to women all around the world of all colour , races , religions , nationality and creed.. . ( all women are equal , in my eyes....nigel. . ) in this remarkable novel , sk makes his debut.an unlikely but good book.it has a good dose of horror / suspense and it is one of the best books i have ever read.. . it is simply about a teenager from maine , named carietta white ( carrie ) .from the beginning of the story we see who her mother ( margaret white ) takes advantage of her , making her feel stupid and left out.similiarly in school , carrie is always the " black sheep " , she has not friends and she is always picked upon.she is very unusual and strange , at least to most people , especially the ones in the book ( story ) . ( but i would say quite frankly that i did n't see here as anybody but a normal healthy teenage girl . ) at the beginning of the story we also see that carrie has her first period while taking a shower at school.she is laughed at and all the other girls throw toilet paper and tampons at her.this is her first big humiliation . ( i am a guy , i know not much about a period , so please forgive my use of the term openly ) anyway , back to the plot:carrie soon realizes that she is psychic.she starts to practice using her powers gradually.it seems as though she had the powers since birth , but the powers were dormant until puberty or at least she was unaware of it . so , so far we see this:a very unusual girl with psychic powers and a stupid mother . the story initially and mostly circulates around these facts but things get a little messy towards the middle and end . allow me.... . it is later revealed in the story that the psychic gift is sort of genetic.carrie 's mother explains alot of things , but she is still a bad mother . ( but i still ca n't hate carries 's mother , because most mothers are sort of protective over their children ) soon carrie gets her first friend sue.sue feels sorry for carrie and helps her to get a date for the prom . this date is tommy ross.. . meanwhile , one of the bad girls , chris , is unable to attend the prom.so , she sets up a nasty revenge against carrie.believe me when i tell you , chris is a very jealous girl and if she ca n't have something , no one else can , especially carrie . so chris arranges a trap for carrie . ( two buckets of pig blood ) she sets it up for the pig blood to fall on carrie 's and tommy 's head while at the prom.. . the plan eventually succeeds . tommy is badly injured . drenched in pig 's blood , carrie is laughed at , for the last time.she runs out of the building.she then remembers her psychic powers and decides to use it for revenge . she starts to close all the doors.she then turns on all the water sprinklers , wetting everyone . but with a combination of water and electricity ( from the appliances ) ....some were electrocuted . eventually a fire gets started.and things start to burn ! she walks toward her home , burning everything within a certain radius of her powers . when she reaches home her mother tries to kill her , telling her that she is the spawn of satan.she eventually uses her powers to stop her mothers ' heart beat , killing her . eventually ( this is the good part of the book ) , while carrie is walking on the streets ( going i do n't know where ) she seens chris and chris 's boyfriend driving towards her , to bounce her . carrie uses her powers to diverge to car , killing chris and her stupid boyfriend . sue eventually catches up with carrie.carrie does n't kill her because she realizes that it was n't sue 's falt but chris's . ( during the battle with her mother , carrie was stabbed , i forgot to mention it , sorry . ) so , now , talking with sue carrie eventually breathes her last breath and speaks her last words and just , dies . ( this is the sad part , i guarantee you that it would bring tears to your eyes , or maybe not ) but this book is definitely good , i recommend it with all my " psychic " powers . enjoy.............this review was written by nigel... . 
camera pos 54.txt i 'd be stating the obvious and preaching to the choir if i said that care of lenses for slr cameras required a decent lens cap . this one snaps into 58mm threads on the end of many lenses ( canon and otherwise ) , so just be sure to confirm that that it 's the proper size for your lens 
dvd pos 565.txt john sturges acquires a reputation as a solid director of superior westerns filled with tense action scenes such as : " escape from fort bravo , " " bad day at black rock , " " backlash , " " gunfight at the o.k. corral , " " the law and jack wade , " " the last train from gun hill , " " sergeant three , " " the hallelujah trail , " and one of the best of all wyatt earp movies , " hour of the gun . " he succeeds in one of the most exhilarating opening sequences of all western movies , when he had mcqueen and brynner riding a hearse up legendary boot hill creating a mood and peril that never allow the slightest degree of viewer confusion or ennui.. . for sturges , the west is a man 's world , and his cool , hard , detached style , emphasizing action , excitement and the rugged environment of the frontier , endorses the point.. . " the magnificent seven " is derived from kurosawa 's superb " the seven samurai , " a compelling tale of intimidated and impoverished medieval villagers hiring mercenary warriors to repel bandit ravages.. . the villagers in this case are mexicans , plagued beyond all bearing by the activities of bandit calavera , who always leaves them on tortillas and few beans.. . three of them cross the border to offer meager pay and sustenance for any professionally skilled fighting men who will aid them.. . yul brynner is the man , dressed in black , with the luminous dome and the hypnotic mongolian eyes who portrays the distinctive chris adams leader of the seven hired gunmen hired to chase some ' flies from a little mexican village . ' eli wallach is memorable as calvera , chief of the ruthless outlaws.. . he is greedy and merciless terrorizing without pity the poor peasants.. . steve mcqueen gives a standout performance as the sardonic gunman ( ' we deal in lead , friend ' ) , carrying appealing ease and sense of humor to his role as vin , brynner 's first recruit and second-in-command.. . charles bronson portrays bernardo o'reilly , who explains his curious name to chris , with ' mexican on one side , irish on the other- -and me in the middle ! ' bronson , the strongest face in western , and with a bit of mexican in him- -cunning face , steady eyes , revealing voice- -the character of bernardo o'reilly suits him perfectly.. . this half-breed gunfighter becomes the conscience of the team.. . because of his tender paternal instincts , he is adopted by three children who promise him , in case he falls , to bring him , every day , fresh flowers.. . robert vaughn- -who was to do nicely on tv in " the man from uncle " spy spoof- - plays lee , the ' good gun ' with black gloves and nightmares , living in style with no enemies alive.. . brad dexter plays harry luck , brynner 's happy friend who returns to join the team convinced of the existence of a large amount of hidden gold.. . james coburn makes a big impression as britt , the expert gunman who can out-draw a gun with his knife-throwing.. . his looks and vague figure of violence are quite a response for his few talks.. . horst bucholz represents youth , eagerness , and the urge to be proved and sorted out from the boys.. . he was caught on the road by rosenda monteros.. . robert j . wilke is britt 's insisting challenger who swells the ranks of the villains in many westerns like " high noon , " " the far country , " and " man of the west . " the magnificent seven 's success spawned three sequels : " return of the seven " ( again starring yul brynner ) , " guns of the magnificent seven " and , last and least of all , " the magnificent seven ride . " with a terrific oscar-nominated musical score by elmer bernstein , " the magnificent seven " remains a richly enjoyable western , shot on location in morelos state , mexico.. . 
music neg 786.txt for those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the thief soundtrack ( like myself ) congratulations - you have the version of the cd that contains the best song on the soundtrack , beach scene . it has been dropped for this us release . for those who were interested in obtaining the thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song , beach scene ( most of the other songs can be found on other tangerine dream albums ) , please realise the following differences between beach theme and the now dropped , beach scene . the song , beach theme is a much shorter track ( almost by half ) and there is a very cheesy , acoustic , " rock n ' roll " , drum beat that was mixed / dubbed over the original beach scene song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic , sequenced drum beat in it . it 's beach scene that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. if that is the song you remember ( fell in love with ) and are looking for , do not buy this latest release . keep looking for those out of print cds - they are out there . on a lighter " note " , it 's very nice to see they added the ending / end-credits song , confrontation . this is a lose / win scenario for thief soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you . if you already have the earlier releases with beach scene on it then buying this latest version will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack 
dvd pos 893.txt this dvd has a lot of good info and practical tips for improving starts , turns , and finishes for competitive swimmers . i swim for the masters ( adult ) program , and am not tremendously competitive , but have learned so much . i actually swam in a meet and did passably well , thanks to some of the ideas i learned from this video . well worth it 
camera neg 559.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions 
camera pos 658.txt small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to 
music pos 340.txt i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons . 
books neg 841.txt this is the worst textbook i have ever bought for any class ! it is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read . this book is horribly written . the explanations are boring , drawn out , and unclear . the early chapters draaaag on forever . the later chapters get a little better , but they state a lot of obvious or useless information . i have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little . 
camera neg 232.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
music pos 753.txt live alive is good enough to buy in my standered's .....i really think this was recorded poorly but the songs on it are really good if you play it in your car , or on bigger speakers so you can really hear everything much better . their are many good songs included on this complination of live performence 's spanning from performences from montreux jazz festival , austin opera house , and the dallas starfest . this recordings are all from 85-through 86. jimmie vaughan appears on willie the wimp , love struck baby , look at little sister , and change it playing guitar , and string bass . i think the worst song on the entire complination is voodoo chile ( slight return ) which is kind of weird for me to say because i think that was truely the best song stevie ray played live but in this case its not . other than that i really think for what it is it 's a average live performence . 
health pos 502.txt i am having the same problem . i ordered this product from amazon on august 26. it is now october 26. i have not recieved it yet . i have never had this problem with amazon before . i may have to cancel my order too and go somewhere else . it is a shame , because amazon does have the best price i have found so far . i gave it 5 stars only because i had to give it a rating . i wanted to be fair to the company , but i have honestly never used one 
books pos 884.txt we have now entered a second time of deep concern for the science , math , and technological education for everyone . the first one occurred after the sputnik fiasco , when the russians beat us in the race to reach space . the concern now has risen due to what science groups such as the american association for the advancement of science , and educators saw in comparison of assessments made of students in the u.s. and those in other developed countries , such as japan . the answer to this concern was for the aaas along with other groups to put out a guideline as to what constitutes scientific literacy , and what the public in the u.s. should at least know to be scientifically literate . as usual , though the aaas addressed the fact that certain groups in the u.s. were not being ' included ' in the pursuit of science literacy , such as women and racial minorities , in this their first book they skipped over those of us with disabilities . since this is a major concern of mine and the area in which i do research , i was appalled to see they neglected ' us ' once again , especially as the aaas has a separate department dealing with the disabled / deaf . in spite of this mistake , the writing of this book has laid the groundwork for universities and colleges as to what the teachers they train should know and be able to teach so that our country can be more scientifically literate . with new information being made available through newspapers and the internet on a daily basis , it is absolutely imperative that all adults regardless of race , gender , or ability be able to glean the information they need from this outpouring of information to make decisions requiring informed consent in health care , decisions on employment ( since health care is one of the top employers in the u.s. today ) , and to teach their children . this book was the beginning , but it is n't the end . more books have further elucidated what is required for science literacy from both the aaas and other science groups . this is the place to start if you are an educator of any kind who wants their students to become scientifically literate . karen sadler , science education , university of pittsburgh , klsst23@pitt.ed 
books neg 582.txt phil jackson groupie and sometime espn.com writer charley rosen turns in a fun , but sometimes off-putting fictionalized account of minor league basketball life . he develops the characters well and puts forth a decent plot . however , rosen 's personal oddities drag the book down . rosen is absolutely obsessed with bodily functions and he repeatedly goes into way too much detail about farting , urination , defacation , etc. at times , the book reads like an immature third grader 's delight . my roommates and i all read it and the general consensus was that the book was enjoyable , but charley rosen is a really weird guy 
software pos 715.txt i love this especially for it 's basic qualities . i originally started with the version where it could be put on a 1.44 floppy that i got from my dentist , went to version 2001 a few years later . with version 2001 my bank no longer would support downloads for that it , and i knew i would have to upgrade some time . i was comfortable with 2001 so i was glad to find this 2007 was easy to adapt to just a bit sleeker but adding my ability to download from my bank once again . for someone who does n't have the need for all the extras this is perfect 
camera pos 323.txt i 'm surprised to see that a lot of people only give 1* to this camera ! i 've had it for 2 years now and i just love it ! thanks to it , i discovered i had a real passion for photography.. . it 's very easy to use and my pictures are great ! when i show them , people usually tell me " you must have an expensive camera " ... and i just show them my little canon s500 and they are surprised with the result ! i 'm just loving it 
software pos 815.txt i really love this bible . even for someone who is well-versed in bible scripture , this adds a new dimension to your understanding . i purchased one for myself and liked it so much that i purchased one for my mom for mother 's day . 
camera neg 227.txt was dropped onece and it broke . computer doe n't recongise software with windows xp . kids were disappointed they could n't see there pictures . called the company and they were no help 
health pos 339.txt being sick and tired of shaving constantly and buying expensive blades , i did some research and decided to try an epilator . i figured i 'd give this model a try . i have not been disappointed ! yes , it hurt the first time i used it- -i had n't shaved in almost a week and i had a lot of thick dark hair . but , it was pulling it right out . the more you use it , the less it hurts . i have n't had ugly , rough stubble since . i also like that panasonic has included a shaver head- -this works great to trim up too-long hairs before epilation or for the more sensitive areas that are just too painful to epilate . the heads are easily interchangable and a snap to clean . this is a great all-around epilator / shaver . 
dvd pos 449.txt out of the seasons i have seen 1-5 this is my absolute favorite because sophia is my favorite character ans she just shines in this one . she has some classic moments like when she goes to a friends funeral makes up with her friends husbad then comes home to get " lucky " and then married . she leaads a secret life by doing volenteer work at a hospital and many many more great things . the rest of the girls are great also ( as usual ) this is definatley the girls at their bes 
dvd neg 173.txt spare me another movie about how the big bad catholic church makes life dull and arduous until everybody is rescued by a sexually liberated mary poppins . the film 's agenda is all over it and binoche 's character is just too " practically perfect in every way . " 
health neg 110.txt these wipes are very rough . we bought these when our daughter was first born and i ended up not using them on her because she would scream everytime i used them . if your baby has sensitive skin i would recommend the huggies newborn or the huggies supreme wipes . wipe your face with one and you will see how scratchy they are . imagine how your baby 's bottom feels afterward 
books pos 344.txt when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them 
music neg 622.txt paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for 
dvd neg 159.txt i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed . this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying . the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money...this one i am sad to say is not . 
health pos 207.txt these are great for those days you just want to sit in the sun and read without sun glare . great product 
dvd pos 604.txt i own both the ultimate editon and the extreme dvd . i want to say that you can play the theatrical version on your t.v with the two-disc extreme special edition , on your menu on disc it should say play special edition , hit right four times and " the future is not set " should be highlighted , push enter and you should see " play theatrical version on your menu . i am a little dissipointed that when i bought the extreme dvd at best buy it did not have a metal case . either way i love t2 , it 's a classic that never gets old 
music pos 956.txt jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty 
health neg 531.txt this is a cheap plastic ( except for the metal tube ) toy . it 's like those hand claws for kids . you squeeze the handle and the claw closes . the grabber part on this thing has a 2 1 / 2 " opening . you wo n't be able to grab a small can of soup . the magnet is weak and is located on the outside of one of the grabber finger . on the inside of the fingers , they have rubber pads that are removable ( probably for cleaning ) but they seem to come off on their own 
health neg 564.txt i read the directions and followed them to a t . the pain was just too intense ( on my gums - they started to bleed ! ) . i tried to adjust the " trays " every which way , but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums . after all the time , trouble and pain , i did n't see any improvement in whiteness . i have used the older crest whitestrips , and liked them much better . 
health neg 477.txt i thought this hot air brush would make things easier by not having to hold a round brush and blow dryer . it 's a great idea , but it just does n't work as well as that . first let me say i have shoulder length , normal hair , but a lot of it . if i air dry , it is slightly wavy . i used the larger of the two brushes and found it could n't get through my hair . so then i was using a second hand to try to push the hair against the brush so it would curl around it . that did n't work very well , and i wound up burning my hands more than once . i also found that i could n't get the same nice curl with this hot air brush that i could get by using a regular round brush and dryer . the other major problem was that the brush got extremely hot . if you have an idea that you 'll be able to change from the larger brush size to smaller ( or the unit without the attachment ) or vice versa , you wo n't without getting burned . the attachment- -even the end of the blow dryer itself- -is simply too hot to touch . i was doing things like using a hand towel to try to change attachments . the size and shape of the unit is also not optimal . i found it too large and awkward to use . the off button is located right where your hand is , so it 's easy to bump . also , there 's no cold shot . if you 've come to appreciate what that can do for setting a curl , you 'll probably miss it like i did . additionally , as another person has mentioned , the unit is very loud . you would be wise to buy a couple foam ear plugs if you are determined to keep this brush and keep your hearing . i do n't believe i read any warning about the noise , either . it 's much louder than my traditional guy-style blow dryer . time wise , i found that i spent much longer trying to get my hair dry , and then i was n't fully satisfied with the style as well as the burns and hassle involved in getting there . i gave this a try for a few days and then returned it to the store for a refund . it made me appreciate the traditional blow dryer and round brush . some things are just not as good as they seem . 
dvd pos 345.txt i should say up front that i have never played chess , nor do i understand the game . but i remember being intrigued about the film when i saw the theatrical trailer . was i intrigued because of the fact that the film was about a young boy with a special gift of a game ? was it the intense images of competition ? was it a curiosity about the game of chess itself and how it was played ? or was it about a deeper struggle within the boy ? the answer is all of the above . " searching for bobby fischer " is an excellent family film for all . i am living proof that even those who do n't know jack about chess will love this movie . it is a movie not just about chess , but about acceptance , the bond of love and friendship , compassion for others , and not being afraid to be who you want to be . the balance of drama with edge-of-your-seat competition makes this a truly remarkable film . max pomeranc plays the young and sensitive josh waitzkin , a pint-sized seven-year old with a cute lisp , who becomes fascinated with the " lower class " men playing chess in a new york park . he watches the men , his eyes shifting with each move of the pieces . he convinces his mother to go to the park with him , where he plays a game of chess with an older gentleman . it is there that josh 's mother realizes her son has a knack for chess . also noticing josh is the fast-talking park chess player , vinnie ( a funny and great performance from laurence fishburne ) who befriends the boy and eventually teaches him a thing or two about the game . after a match with josh , josh 's father ( played by joe mantegna ) realizes his son 's special gift and enlists the help of a stern but knowledgeable chess teacher named bruce ( played by ben kingsley ) to make josh an even better chess master . bruce sees a young bobby fischer in josh and cannot resist the temptation to take him under his wing and perhaps fill the void that bobby fischer left in the country after his mysterious disappearance . through all the technical strategies of the game being learned , josh and bruce develop a good friendship and with bruce 's help , combined with his own special gift , josh excels in chess tournaments and collects a shiny bundle of trophies . but there may be a test even harder than becoming a grand master of chess . we 've all heard of parents trying to live their dreams through their children , especially when a parent sees a special gift in their child . but what happens when the thrill of competition and the persistent need to win cloud the parents ' mind too much ? and what happens when a beloved teacher wants you to be a carbon copy of someone or something that you 're not ? these are tests that run way deeper for josh waitzkin than any chess tournament . josh learns quickly how addictive competition is and how obsessed people can become with a certain game . in his own way , the insightful josh shows his father and teacher that he is not one of these people who lives and breathes chess like bobby fischer did . in the process , josh pushes his father and teacher 's feelings about him and the game of chess to the brink where they find they have to rethink their feelings . it 's a matter of what is more important : chess competition , or love ? through it all , the three of them find that they can tolerate losing at chess but cannot tolerate losing something more dear ; love and friendship for each other no matter what . there are some truly touching scenes in the film from the lecture josh receives from his dad in the pouring rain , to the visit from his teacher at the chicago tournament which comes toward the end of the show . but amongst the competition and drama , there are some nice comic scenes from vinnie 's trash talking against the others in the park , to the scene where the all the parents are literally locked up away from their kids during a tournament because they are so obnoxious , to the humorous appearance by william h . macy when he offers to get josh 's dad a tuna sandwich . the climax comes in the huge chess championship at the end of the film where josh takes bruce and vinnie 's teachings along with his own style of playing and faces off against another chess prodigy named jonathan . jonathan is a boy i feel sorry for in the film . playing since he was four years old , all jonathan knows is chess and goes about life with a glazed expressionless look on his face . perhaps this boy is proof of what living for a game can do to you , especially when you cannot just be a kid . the acting is terrific . ben kingsley , max pomeranc and joe mantegna give us a very touching and real performance in this film . it 's too bad that pomeranc did not act much since this film because he was a great little actor and very convincing . a nice touch to the movie is the real black and white film clips of a very young bobby fischer talking about and playing chess with pomeranc narrating along . it gives us a bit of the history of the world 's greatest chess player and also gives us the implication that people were searching for a new chess hero to fill the void when bobby fischer vanished ; enter josh waitzkin . " searching for bobby fischer " is one of those stand-up-and-cheer films that is perfect fun for the whole family with some valuable lessons to be learned as well ! this is a movie you 'll want to watch time and time again . 
software neg 830.txt does n't work on mac like it says that it does louses up your machine not worth i 
music pos 499.txt i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines . 
health neg 816.txt the concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out . if you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head ( but be careful of buns ) , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet 
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot 
health neg 521.txt we bought this at suggestion of our dentist . however , it is difficult to use , extremely messy and the on / off button on handle is difficult to press . we used it a couple of times but have not used it since because of messiness and inconvenience . our neighbors bought the same model , tried to use it a few times and have not tried to use it since for the same reasons we gave . save your money and go back to flossing ! 
dvd pos 872.txt these are excellent performances for a very reasonable price . the look of some of the videos as well as some of the film stock is " dated " but the performances easily shine through . not quite as well played , recorded or filmed as bernstein 's many later unitel films but still well worth the investment . i wo n't spend time on details but rest assured it 's all great stuff ! 
software pos 706.txt first i would like to state that sooner or later every computer user will come in contact with some problem with an internet security program . they are human made and not 100% fault proof . i study and work in the it field and was first introduced to pc-cillin through trend micro 's product housecall . soon after i tried out the trial and have finally bought the product . i love it ! i have used several of the other " major " anti-virus suites available and have had tons of problems with them . mcafee after one uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that i had to completely reformat the pc to gain functionality again . norton to say was n't much better . if you are installing on a " clean " pc where these other software suites have not been , i have not had a problem . i have installed / uninstalled pc-cillin many times each time running smoothly . the software has been a valuable asset protecting my pcs by alerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that were not even on my network but on my isps network . as well as protecting my network from one single computer that received a virus by shutting off traffic to that pc . i can understand where some of the other problems reported with this software may occur if the person a beginning user or just unfamiliar with the framework of the software . but if you already have some experience in how to set this type of software up i really do recommend you give pc-cillin a try . it is a sleak program , easy to install , easy to customize , and really goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risks and threats . with all its competitors out there i would choose pc-cillin over the rest any day of the week 
books pos 526.txt like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . " lonesome dove " has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one 
camera neg 311.txt pictures do not come out very good . poor quality ! i would not recommend it 
software pos 951.txt i have been aware of naturallyspeaking for over 15 years . we initially utilized this software to assist people with severe disabilities such as cerebral palsy to be able to have basic commands understood . more recently five years ago i bought edition 4.0. i found it to be frustrating when ever there was any background noise so i basically quit using it . when i saw the 8.0 being advertised as the voice recognition software specifically for a small business atmosphere , i thought i would try it one more time . being a slow typist it has truly changed my life for the better . only 45 minutes were required to set up the speech-recognition files when the occasional mistakes occur during dictation if you correct those and change those right at that time , i never see that same misunderstanding happening again . i have recommended it to two friends who are buying it . it really does allow you to sit back in your chair relax , drink your coffee and dictate reports , answer e-mail or whenever it is you might need to do . i ca n't think of any $70 expenditure that has given me so much back in such a short time . i almost always have my headset on when i 'm in front of the computer because anything that involves typing or entering data i used the dragondictate to do 
camera pos 159.txt yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time 
music neg 181.txt if you have children that are five years & younger , this would be a good album to put in your child 's boom box or get it in cassette for their tape player . but if your children are six and up . your better off finding the real songs and burning them if you can find these songs . this album should be saved strictly for the poor folks who wnat music for their kids but cannot afford it . this ablum would be number 1 if it were sold in rwanda , sudan or other third world nations since it could be sold for like dirt cheap . parents , if you buy this album , after your children turn 6 years old . pack this cd and other ki8dz bop cd 's and send them to africa . this is pop music for impoverished folks 
books pos 36.txt tom friedman 's writing style is easy to read and his overarching concepts-webs and walls ; states v . markets v . individuals ; and the comprehensive failure of the arab street , leadership and muslim clergy to combat the really tough and valid questions of the day-are extremely well thought-out . from reading this compilation of nyt columns , i understand where friedman conceived many of his ideas for his current best-selling book , ' the world is flat . ' although i sometimes disagree with his opinions , his ability to see the big picture is spot on 
dvd pos 261.txt a very enjoyable documentary from the personal perspective of an ex christian.we need many such documentaries out there to help inform people about the dangers of religion in general . i wish some brave person would do a film about how christianity came into being from an objective historical perspective . this film touched on the subject , but it was not really the focus of the documentary.perhaps we will be " blessed " by a further exploration of the subject in the future 
dvd pos 772.txt this dvd version of the movie looks great and is very enjoyable . hayley mills is her usual irrepressible self , and the supporting cast is top notch . the feline actor in particular ! ; ) i do n't quite understand the anger from some other reviewers about the fullscreen format . it did n't bother me at all . disappointment i could understand , but this kind of vitriol ? it 's still a very watchable and enjoyable film for all ages , and i found it a refreshing change from the dumbed-down " kid 's " movies they tend to make these days . adults will enjoy the suspenseful story , retro style , and feline antics just as much as kids will . i 'd skip the remake and get the original 
camera neg 41.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
software neg 124.txt i trusted that this software would do what it claimed to do and was so let down by its lack of performance that i am dumbfounded and left speechless . during backup process i selected about 15gb of info to backup , spanning 4 dvds . everything looked fine , except for two ( 2 ) simple errors that i received , indicating that those related files may not have been copied / backed up properly . i figured no big deal , 2 files / errors out 15gb , i could handle that . based upon the false pretenses that my critical info was backed up properly ( simple pictures , videos , mp3 files and financial files to include previous years tax files ) , i then proceeded to slick my drive . remember , only 2 simple , benign and almost inconspicuous errors during the backup process . everything looked great . during the restore process , i then received numerous errors , each of them requiring me to click ' yes ' when asked if i wanted to proceed . i got tired of clicking yes around the 100 or so mark and decided to click no . when you click ' no ' , everything is undone ; there is no ' ignore all ' function so i had to sit through every prompt and got tired of it and decided that proceeding with 1000 files and answering yes would involve too much pain for me . i then selected a smaller group of files to have restored , only the ' my documents ' folder but ran into the same situation . eventually i ran a test on a small folder to have restored and still ran into the errors but pressed through . hardly any of the files were received error free and those that had issues were never restored . my guess is approximately 2 / 3 or 3 / 4 of my files were not restored and of course none that really mattered made it . i had the latest update applied to the program , so that should not be the cause . i would have done better to slick my entire hard drive without going through the backup process as i would have been at nearly the same place but without experiencing all the headaches , frustrations and an investment of hours , no days of my time . the program has been recently purchased by microsoft for inclusion in the vista os , i imagine . it will do well as a microsoft product , as it fails to deliver upon its promises 
dvd pos 197.txt the aids situation is far greater than we are told / the corruption in africa is horrific / the situation is beyond any horror film 's scare anytime / this film of lecarre 's novel bears great importance to our future , our destiny . one of the most important films ever made ! actors like ralph fiennes & rachel weitz need more commendation for it and director fernando merelles is a genius . agripping thriller for the serious moviegover.bravo 50 stars 
music pos 826.txt quem no gosta de samba , bom sujeito no  ,  ruim da cabea ou doente do p...essa letra desse samba serve para definir melhor o cd da marisa monte . quem no gostar dele ,  doente da cabea , do ouvido , do corpo , etc.  um trabalho dedicado , na medida certa para esta cantora , verdadeira diva da mpb . recomendo a todos . 
dvd neg 515.txt this a dreadful example of what jayne was reduced to play in to feed her children and compensate for the lack of earnings of her deadbeat-husbands / lovers . the only reason to watch it would be because mamie van doren was also in it.but be aware ( and i read that in a biography about jayne ) that in their contracts was specified that they would not appear together in any scene whatsoever.so you see them separately in different scenes.also be aware that if you blink , you will not see either of the 2 blonde beauties . conclusion:get this film for a member of your family who is nostalgic for the ways of the ' 'ol ' south ' , or someone with a white hood showing his eyes onl 
camera pos 256.txt i bought this lens a little over a year ago for macro shooting . i quickly found out , however , that to shoot macro-only with this lens is a crime . it is a very versitile lens . its fast f / 2.8 aperture makes for good shooting in low light . i pretty much use this outdoors as the 100mm with the 1.6x crop factor of my rebel xt eliminates most indoor oppurtunities . i frequently use this lens for family portraits , the resultant photo is so crisp and clear and the bokeh really helps add snap to the primary subject . as others have stated , this is a heavy lens . it does n't have image stabilization ( is ) so a tripod or monopod is a great accessory to get the best images . i use a beefy monopod for my best shots , although i have a lot of handheld gems.. . if you are tight for cash , this is n't the " one lens " that does it all . if you are looking for a versitile lens that can do outstanding macros and portraits , this is that lens . 
dvd neg 103.txt a boy has a college interview at a small academy and meets the other guys there . and they talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . they go to classes and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then they go down to dinner and and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then nighttime comes and the boys all feel themselves up . in other words , this movie is vintage decoteau . it defies all known logic ( the boy shows up for his college interview , is accepted immediately and somehow moves in the same day with no luggage or discussion with parents ) , has lame effects and lots of half naked boys . it 's hard to tell if this is a commentary on the catholic church scandals or just another excuse to show writhing youg men in bed . definitely another laugh riot from the director of such " classics " as leeches and leather jacket love story 
camera neg 827.txt i am a novice photographer , so take this with a grain of salt.. . i just bought this kit and it included no instructions and lots of components . i suppose if you are accustomed to using these kits , putting them together must seem self-explanatory . if you are new to these kits you will find it frustrating . it is also frustrating to discover smith victor does not have a support site ( just references on photography ) . they do not even provide a support # or address . keep all this in mind when considering something from this company 
software pos 226.txt excellent product for backup with the intelligence built into it . highly recommended 
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan 
music pos 714.txt like many before me , this " blue " beatles best-of served as my first , in-depth sampling of the beatles ' output from their post - 'revolver ' era from early-1967 onward.. . you could n't find a better 100+ minutes of music to listen to straight through than the superb 28 tracks that make up ' the beatles 1967-1970' . i bought this initially back in the winter of 1988 ( i was 18 at the time ) on cassette , and it changed my life . true ; the 2-cd version often retails at $34.00 , which is a bit much , but the material contained is beyond priceless. . about the songs . the songs ! ! there 's not a lame one among the batch of 28. what 's even cooler is that -even as the songs unfurl chronologically - they pack a flow to rival any of anyone 's favorite best-of albums.. . the flow of all 28 is remarkable.. . a fantastic mix of all their late ' 60 's #1 hits as well as choice album cuts ( " a day in the life " , " i am the walrus " ) ... seriously folks ; anyone who is feeling the itch to discover the beatles ' later output should get this " blue " best-of first , then graduate onto the studio albums themselves. . that 's what happened to me and i wound up ( so far ) buying all of the albums from ' rubber soul ' ( 1965 ) onwards.. . this blue ' 1967-1970 ' never disappoints . because the liner notes / inlay booklet does n't tell you which album each track is culled from , i 'll happily fill you in : disc one : 1. ) strawberry fields forever ( john in vocals ) 2. ) penny lane ( paul on vocals ) ( both originally released as a stand-alone single in early 1967 and both served as the first tracks recorded for what would be 1967 's " sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band " . however , the two songs were n't released on any beatles ' album until late-1967 's ' sgt. pepper ' follow-up ' magical mystery tour' . ) 3. ) sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ( paul on vocals ) 4. ) with a little help from my friends ( ringo on vocals ) 5. ) lucy in the sky with diamonds ( john on vocals ) 6. ) a day in the life ( john and paul on vocals ) 3-6 from the legendary ' sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ' ; 1967. 7. ) all you need is love ( john on vocals ) 8. ) i am the walrus ( john on vocals ) 9. ) hello , goodbye ( paul on vocals ) 10. ) the fool on the hill ( paul on vocals ) 11. ) magical mystery tour ( john on vocals ) 7-11 from ' magical mystery tour ' ; 1967 12. ) lady madonna ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) hey jude ( paul on vocals ) 14. ) revolution ( john on vocals ) 12-14 all stand-alone singles released in 1968. all were / are huge hits . sweet ! disc two : 1. ) back in the u.s.s.r. ( paul on vocals ) 2. ) while my guitar gently weeps ( george on vocals ) 3. ) ob-la-di , ob-la-da ( paul on vocals ) 1-3 taken from 1968 's double-album ' the beatles ' ( aka " the white album " ) . 4. ) get back ( paul on vocals ) ( originally recorded 1969 as a single and not released on album until 1970 's ' let it be' . twistedly , ' let it be ' was recorded prior to 1969 's final beatles ' studio album ' abbey road ' , but not released until later.. . ) 5. ) do n't let me down ( non-album b-side to the " get back " single ; john on vocals ) 6. ) the ballad of john and yoko ( non-lp stand-alone single ; john on vocals . one of the very few beatles tracks recorded with only john and paul playing all the instruments. . ) 7. ) old brown shoe ( b-side to " the ballad of john and yoko " ; george on vocals ) all of the hits plus some choice b-sides as well. . yeah ! ! 8. ) here comes the sun ( george on vocals ) 9. ) come together ( john on vocals ) 10. ) something ( george on vocals ) 11. ) octopus 's garden ( ringo on vocals ) ( all culled from 1969 's *true* final beatle masterpiece , ' abbey road ' ) 12. ) let it be ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) across the universe ( john on vocals ) 14. ) the long and winding road ( paul on vocals ) 12-14 from 1970 's ( actually recorded early 1969 ) ' let it be' . so there you go.. . 28 of the very best music ever to grace the world.. . ( seriously . ) please do yourself a favor and check out *any* beatles ' music . but a choice place to start certainly is here . have fun / enjoy / peace ! thanks for your time . tim goyer albany , ny usa 6 / 28 / 0 
books pos 973.txt rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in cross creek , florida in the early 1900s . it is often assigned reading for teens , but i doubt that most of them can appreciate it . her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior . the lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing . your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies . she turned those into a cookbook which i 'll have to try out . modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the n- -- - - word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible , drunken , immoral , etc. it is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written , so recognize it as a snapshot of the times . then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book . ( i deducted 1 star for this ) the reader becomes absorbed in rawlings ' love of the land and the creation of a home . it gives much the same feelings as a year in provence or under a tuscan sun 
camera pos 401.txt when i purchased this camera i was really conflicted on wheather i should get a digital still camera or a digital video camera . so when i decided still and found out the canon powershot had a video feature , i was pleased but had very low expectations . boy was i suprised ! this camera has so many fun features for both still and video pics . and the quality is awesome for both ! there is a video email option so you do n't have to guess if your videos are going to fit into an email . but if you want you can create some really good quality video with a quick adjustment . and all of it transfers easily to my computer . plus with still pics there are lots of easy features to choose from so you can quickly set up for any kind of shooting sinario . 
health pos 430.txt i have purchased a total of 12 of these batteries ( 6 two-packs ) and i must say that they work exactly how i projected them to . they hold a charge well enough for my uses in various electronics and my infant 's papasan swing . regular duracell alkalines will keep the swing running for a few days . these batteries on a full charge almost match the alkalines ' life and i have recharged and reused many times already with no sign of charge loss . i am very pleased so far with my purchase . get these until hybrid nimh batteries in size d become easily available and cheaper 
software pos 543.txt i have a powerbook , an imac , and an emac at home that are used in different ways . the kids use the emac for school work , and my wife & i use the other 2 macs for home business . although most school work was required in ms-powerpoint or ms-word , exporting from iwork ' 06 pages and keynote was very simple to do with 90-95% accuracy . our kids said they just do minor editing at school before submitting the work . for home business , we use pages to do our proposals , bills , and receipts . and use keynote for presentations . one thing that i thought was amazing , is the fact that i can display the notes and the succeeding slide on my powerbook , while projecting just the current slide for the customer to see . for the price of the family pack , we were licensed to use iwork ' 06 on 5 macs on the same network . the cost fitted our budget perfectly . the only thing i wish was available in keynote was timed transition ( example : after 3 seconds show bullet#1 , after 5 seconds show bullet#2 , after 2 seconds show the chart 
health neg 644.txt this product is a piece of garbage.when it works , it does what it is suppose to do . however , it worked for the first two weeks and then totally died on me.do not buy this product 
software neg 267.txt i tried unsuccessfully several times to install it . i contact their alleged support . they sent me what they deemed a " fix " . the fix was awful . it caused my computer to crash and print shop would never work . broderbund used to be a good company but i 've had nothing but problems with their software of late . they need to rethink their products , their support , and their company focus . they are lousy at this point . they obviously do n't give a dang about quality , support , or their customers 
dvd neg 908.txt i 'm not a big fan of bruce campell but i was appalled while viewing this film . i know it 's a b horror film but there was no orginality in this movie . i know it 's suppose to be funny but come on people , was it really ? the only part that was slightly funny was when campell 's wife was going after the gypsy for the first time . needless to say , i think it 's interesting that this movie was a book . going off subject , however , on a late night talk show bruce acknowledged that there was no such thing as a pg-13 horror film . i 'll conform with that . 
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype ! 
health neg 748.txt this straightener is great for thin hair.. . but not for thick . i myself have very thick hair and this straightener usually leaves my hair looking frizzy and very poofy . the best hair straighteners out there are about 1&quot ; thick or less and they normally have glass plates . so if you have thick hair , spend a little more money on something with a lot more quality 
software neg 174.txt sorry to disappoint the believers , but this os is way overpriced for what it does . and , it will dominate you instead of the converse 
software neg 889.txt this software never worked after installation using the cd i bought it ask me to extend my preview " your preview using this feature has expired to continue using purchase the full version today " i have tried to contact the seller in vain . this is very unfortunite for such people to continue hacking customers money with under rated product 
books pos 364.txt dave barry has written and selected an extremely humorous collection of his articles from the miami herald . there is a huge margin in difference of quality in boogers are my beat than in his initial non fiction books such as dave barry 's bad habits . boogers are my beat is one of those rare books that once you start turning the pages you do n't want to put down until the back cover . dave barry educates his fellow man on a diverse range of topics such as why you ca n't use the towels hanging in the bathroom , the salt lake city olympics , babies on airlines , north dakota , bear in the big blue house and cell phones to name just a few . his article written the day after september 11 and one written a year after , about the philadelphia crashed plane are also included which prove barry could have been a serious writer if he had pursued that career . thankfully he did n't because the rest of the book is hysterically funny as is his carl hiaasen style fiction novel tricky business . big trouble is n't bad either . check them out along with his other non fiction novels as well . 
camera neg 560.txt here is the short version . oct05 i bought a fujifilm finepix f460 digital camera for $299.99. nov06 camera stopped working correctly - snapshots have alternating bright / dark horizonal strips across them . jan07 i sent the camera in to fujifilm 's service center for repair stating that the camera was always handled with care and that a ~$300 camera should work for more than just 1 month after its warranty expires . jan07 the service center sent me a repair estimate for $70.00 + tax and shipping totaling $85.95 ( i spent $16.52 to send it to them so my total expense would have been $102.47 for the repair if i accepted ) . feb07 i contacted the service center and stated that i think they should stand behind their product and fix the camera once they verify the malfunction was not caused by user abuse . and that i do n't think that it makes sense for me to pay $100 to repair a $300 camera that stopped working only 1 month after the warranty expired . the service rep , named christina , asked me to fax her a copy of the original reciept and she would see what she could do . i complied . mar07 fujifilm returned the camera to me unrepaired with a note saying that i did not reply to the estimate . now i will now send them the camera and its memory card and a printout of this review asking them to refund the cost of the camera , its memory card , and the shipping i paid . 
books neg 876.txt i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything 
music pos 626.txt this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums 
health neg 230.txt i know everyone else has had good luck with this , but not me . the unit started running really slow after about a minute . it also seems to scrape my face . another nit pick is that the adjustable spacer does not have any marks or numbers on it , so you do n't know what setting you 're on 
dvd neg 610.txt this is the french x-rated version of 99 women , directed by jess franco . the running time of this feature is 98 minutes , which means that this is probably the longest , least censored version of the film that is available . the story involves a women ` s island prison , a sadistic female warden , a lustful male governor , and the young , lovely female inmates . can you see where this is heading ? there are scenes of extreme sexuality ( especially when you consider the film was released in 1969 ) which include ( ... ) . my big problem with this movie is that the hardcore scenes are haphazardly edited into the film . in a few cases , they don ` t even seem to be part of the scenes that you have been watching . also frustrating is the fact that some of the actors taking part in the sex scenes look nothing like the actors that they are doubling ( standing-in ) for . just because a woman is wearing a blonde wig does not mean she is going to look like the lead actress that she is portraying . i guess that this movie was pushing the boundaries in 1969 , but looking at the dumb story , lousy editing , and sex scenes from a 2005 perspective.....this is just a dated curio 
books neg 714.txt i did n't have especailly high hopes for this book . i think there has been a gradual decline in the quality of hh books over the years , and this one brings it to a new low . basically , it 's waaaaaay too long . at 850 pages , it 's a monster read , and a slow one . that 's not always a bad thing - sometimes if you like the characters it 's nice to just hang out with your friends for page after page . but not here . why is it necessary to describe in detail the exact movements of a treecat using sign language ? for several paragraphs ? more than once ? why are we given pages of liturgy for religious services ? i think i 'd be in a very small minority when i confess that i quite like the 1662 prayer book , though i ca n't quite work out why it would be revived in the distant future when it 's been out of use here for decades ! maybe it was easy to cut and paste , and got the word count up . and then there 's the space combat - a strength of the series , especially the first three or four . but there 's the rub - there are only so many ways you can describe a spaceship blowing up . by the 11th book in the series i ca n't be the only person out there whose eyes are beginning to glaze over when we get to the battle sequences . but the big problem - spoiler alert ! - is the way in which weber solves the love triangle we left the last book with . honor loves hamish . emily loves hamish . hamish loves honor and emily . what to do ? it turns out that there 's an easy solution . after about 400 pages of agonising ( not to mention most of the previous book ) it seems that honor can marry them both . a bit outre ? seemingly not - apparently such arrangements fall well within the accepted norms of manticoran law and custom . ( although we 've never had a whiff of this before . ) but what really gets me is that the reason it did n't happen about halfway through the last book is that ( get this ) , gosh , no-one thought of it . it seems that no-one ever told mr weber that if you shoot someone with a gun in act v , the gun better have been hanging on the wall in act i . all-in-all , i can only say , please mr weber . it is time to bring the series to an end . please do it soon 
camera neg 900.txt hi , i have lost the cd rom to download the movie from the camera . sony does not offer it for free on its website . you have to pay $70 dollars to get it again . that clearly disappoints me . 
camera pos 118.txt i just got back from vacation . i have a bad back , and it was sore . i was very happy to discover that the way this bag hangs , i could carry my nikon d-70 and one or two extra lens very comfortably . gear is super easy to access and the bag provides a nice platform for changing lenses . i have other bags which heft lots of gear , and they 're great for travel days and the occasional big shoot , but if you 're looking to hike ( and have a separate way to carry a tripod ) , then this is a wonderful bag 
music neg 813.txt i saw the movie and liked the songs in it . i ordered the soundtrack from the movie , but it was not the soundtrack . they have a dubbed another person in on ike 's part . all the songs from the movie were not on the soundtrack and some other of tina 's were included . i feel that if it is going to be advertised as a soundtrack then it should be a true soundtrack . i was disappointed . 
music pos 317.txt i love every track on ne-yo 's cd " in my own words ! " next let me thank ne-yo for bringing true r&b back to the industry ! i dont consider songs about cheating on your bf / gf / husband / wife r&b . r&b is supposed to be about love - thats why people call them slow love songs . and from 2001 - 2005 new slow love songs did n't exist . i ended up listenin to the same songs from da 90 's over and over until i got so tired of them , and was fortunate to be lucky enough for my radio station ( that plays mostly rap : a genre of music i dont like ) to play " so sick " by ne-yo . it was a great song . this is literally the first and only r&b album that i never have the urge to use the fast forward feature to get to the next song ! ne-yo 's lyrics are strictly romantic and sweet too ! he is a lyrical genius . his voice is soothing and melodic . most r&b albums obviously have rap tracks or rushed r&b songs as filler to probably meet the deadline or get the cd out as fast as possible and reducing the enjoyability of the cd , but this album has all songs that are great . all of the tracks on this album are great , but here are the ones that are superb : 1. so sick - 9 / 10 ( would be a 10 if it was n't played over and over and with so many different versions . although i can still listen to it over and over 2. when you 're mad - 9 / 10 ( for those guys who like the look on girls faces when they get mad . maybe for michelle rodriguez fans . : ) ) 3. get down like that 10 / 10 ( both versions ) ( i call it " dont get down like that " ) ( this song is for the guys that are completely faithful like me ) ( if you 're not a player , and proud of being faithful , this is da song for you ) 4. sexy love - 10 / 10 ( great song . um hmmm. . what can i say about this one about its lyrics ? .... oh yes... . this song is for the guys who have a girl and when she touches them , it just feels like... . magic . ) this is da only cd dat ever deserved 5 stars by me , the only reason i gave other r&b albums 5 stars is cuz i took into consideration : there was no r&b album that existed that had nothing but good tracks , and most had poorly done upbeat song 
music pos 665.txt i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version 
music neg 144.txt can we say , " money making ploy ? " wow . i , like many others , have grown up with disney . perhaps i simply do not understand why kids of any age would listen to this garbage as opposed to the actual movie songs ? this is not like " kidz bop " or anything related to that which " kidifies " music - these are timeless movie classics that did not need to be redone - and as a further insult , they are poorly redone . i am very , very let down by these " disneymania " albums . :o ( 
dvd pos 632.txt orange county as a movie tries to play it safe . the director tries to be in tow with what he believes is a good film . i must say for around 50% of the film i was laughing . jack black is truly my favourite character in the film . colin hanks , the lead actor , is a boring sophisticated person.he also plays black 's brother in the film . although jack black doesnt have a huge role in it , everytime he 's on the screen i seem to forget all the other characters around . i thought the scene in which he jumps into the swimming pool with just his under-shorts was funny . but i defintely feel there are some seven other scenes featuring this master of crazy comedy . i didnt find colin hanks ( in the film ) inspiration inspiring at all and think he should have gone to stanford.for the simple reason i believe he didnt have much enough at orange county to wait for.but then that 's a story flaw or story strength ( however you perceive it ) come to think of it colin hanks character was extremely realistic , polite and believable.now all the credit in the world to the director for this.however , it was the drugged jack black who really tries to get him into something . ive seen school of rock and i 'm sorry for i did not like it as much as i liked orange county.it 's the presence of jack black that does it for me.i 've seen the film 4 times which is probably why i ca n't stand hanks and his goodness . anyhow , forget all that , watch the film - rent it , steal it , buy it , download it....just give it a watch . cheers 
books neg 6.txt why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad ? after the wonderful quinn trilogy fans ( including me ) begged and begged for nora roberts to write seth 's story . after all we journeyed with seth through we wanted to see him fall in love . nora roberts repeatedly said she would not write one . but us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it . and we got chesapeake blue . reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted seth 's story but....this was n't what i ( and my fellow nr fans friends ) wanted . first of all i wanted the heroine to be aubrey . after their beautiful friendship in the quinn trilogy i expected her to be seth 's love interest . but i tried to keep an open mind after all i loved anna , grace , and sybill , but dru whitcomb banks was a completely let down . all she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what cam , ethan , philip , and seth experienced as children . seth becoming an artist was a surprise too i expected him to join the family business and design boats . the gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline . there 's no reason gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that seth would n't tell his family considering the quinn brothers ( and wives ) worked their so hard to keep him away from her . i closed this book vowing never to request , beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they do n't want to . because this is what you get 
dvd pos 71.txt it 's not a conflict of good and evil that drives millions ( fox ) , but rather issues of what 's right and wrong . set in the uk , this exquisite family film about two brothers , serious seven year old damien and fun-loving nine year anthony , who recently lost their mom and discover a suitcase full of british pounds has dropped out of the sky and crashed into their playhouse . and it 's only seven days before the official currency switches to euros . the brothers think it came from god and they have differing agendas : spend it on themselves or give it to the needy . but the money , on a train to incinerators , was tossed by crooks to accomplices and they want the missing bag back . millions is funny , scary and profound . you may even discover things about yourself you never before considered . rated : pg . genre : family drama / comedy . 1 hour , 38 minutes . starring : james nesbitt , daisy donovan , alex etel , lewis mcgibbon . director : danny boyle . 
software pos 333.txt this thing is amazing. . my plasma is like a whole new tv. . my 60 " sony sxrd paired with a ps3 is the best looking picture i have ever seen , after using the stv100. this is a must have 
books neg 305.txt i 'm a fan of dave barry , i enjoy his column , i enjoyed some of his books in the past , and i bought this one with great anticipation . boy was i disappointed ! the story is meaningless , the characters are not interesting , the events are mostly dumb and the dialog is uneven and unfunny . do yourself a favor , do not read this book ! i ca n't believe anyone recommends it 
software neg 774.txt i use adobe acrobat professional extensively both as an attorney and as a researcher / author . because of the new features advertised which would enhance acrobat storage of powerpoint presentations , i bought it off the shelves at a local staples office supply dealer . i am proficient at my own installations and expected no trouble on this . it acted like a virus . the program did not finish installing . worse yet , it corrupted the underlying 7.0 installation and fixed that so the windows controller program could not install it . i had to hack through the registry to remove traces of it . finally i got to a stage where it appeared to be going through the registry process again . then i received the coup de grace - - a bad serial number message . i checked carefully and it matched the serial number exactly as on the label sent by adobe inside its factory package . i used microsoft onenote to make a colored screen copy of this phenonema and marched the package back to staples where they refunded my money . it 's too bad about the 20 plus billable hours as a lawyer lost to this process . my experiences in calling adobe in the past when i puzzled through a far lesser discourage me from wanting to talk to their technical support people ( who too often know less than me given the increasingly apparent out-sourcing to people who read from a script and give us credit for knowing far less than we do ) . at any rate , i am now bitter . my 7.08 installation of adobe worked great on my favorite computer where i had the bulk of my multimedia presentations which i hoped to reduce complete with sounds to the adobe 8.0 format . i suspect that wrong serial numbers were slapped on the packages . i am deeply disappointed , even angry at the inconvenience this has caused me . i took it home and tried it on my desktop there and it also would not complete the installation and ruined my chances of a clean uninstallation of 7.0. deactivation of 7.0 could not take place either after installation of 8.0. i do n't know what adobe was thinking - - or if they were thinking . i have been a loyal customer of theirs for many years , but i 'm thinking distinctly non-charitable thoughts about them this early morning . i hope they get their act together - - soon . they owe us all a quick fix and patch and they need deep repentance for the damage this did to windows xp home installations which also appear to be corrupted in the process of installing this " upgrade " program which acts more like a computer worm or virus than a program 
health pos 189.txt it doesnt quit dark circles , but helps against wrinkles while it is on your face 
health pos 634.txt works as advertised and i am happy with it 's function . much nicer than other battery powered toothbrushes . one issue is that supposed " quick change " tool to remove the brush head either i ca n't figure out or it is defective , but once you put it on the brush head a pin is supposed to press into a slot to release the brush head . it never releases . is there a trick to do this ? also the instructions say put on the tool press in and then pull off the brush head . the problem with this is once the tool is on and you press in , there is no way to pull off the brush head as the tool is still attached . once you take the tool off the brush head will not slide out . anyone figured this out yet 
books neg 161.txt sorry , this guy 's voice gave me the creeps . he sounds like a preacher . who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the leading voice 
software neg 838.txt this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory i have ever used- -including dos , win 3.1 , windows 95 and windows 98. aside from being incompatible with older hardware , xp home edition crashes frequently-particularly if you like to work with several windows open at once . most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware . true enough , the built-in firewall ought to work . but in my case , hackers got in anyway . i had to hire an expensive data recovery guru-another story in itself . even reinstalling the program did not solve the problem . my computer was completely compromised . i was eventually forced to junk the machine . after my dreadful experience with xp home edition , i have sworn off windows forever . mac and linux are both far superior 
software neg 649.txt i just wanted to write a little note about getting the case open . i just received my copy today , and in my excitement discarded the darn instruction on how to open......i know you 're all probably thinking i 'm just stupid.....after realizing what i did - i 'd have to agree ! : ) anyway , if you pull off the " peel " tab and get rid of it - here 's what you do : see that red tab at the top of the box / package ? hold the case from the " spine " and pull the little red tab down . i found it most effective if i used my thumb and index finger ( i 'm right handed ) on the tab and placed my middle finger on the top of the spine , and pushed a little with my middle finger . i 've gotten so used to ink cartridges , and other items that have a " do n't pull this yet " type of tab , i was a little afraid of touching it....until of course i finally found what i did with my " peel " notice and found i did need to pull on the little red tab . so that 's all there is to it . again , most of you out there probably think i 'm stupid - but for the one or two others out there that tossed that peel tab - enjoy . i 'm going to install tomorrow , and once i 've used the programs i 'll see about a real review then 
dvd pos 731.txt the first wayne 's world provides all the necessary background , but number 2 is actually better because it has a longer list of interesting cameo appearances , including starkly realistic versions of jim morrison and sammy davis , jr. , spoofing the oliver stone film " jfk " , in the desert 
camera neg 813.txt i purchased this camera in december 2005 to replace my 7 year old sony digital 8 camcorder . unfortunately , everything except size is inferior in the panasonic compared to the " ancient " sony . the color is not nearly as sharp , the low light capabilities are laughable and the battery lasts half as long . the sound quality was adequate if not watching playback on the camera itself . the camera 's highest volume setting is too low to use if you want to listen while loading video into your computer 's editing program . the panasonic does have a relatively convenient manual exposure feature many other minidv camcorders lack . this allows better light control when shooting in auditoriums with spotlights . it uses a toggle to control the exposure and , while it is not as easy as the external thumb wheel on the sony , it is adequate . unfortunately , it functions so poorly in low light it would n't provide adequate color in an auditorium . i thought the image stabilization would be a great feature but my video is much shakier with the panasonic than my old sony . maybe it 's because the camera is so small it 's hard to keep as stable as the larger sony . video editing on a pc is equally easy on the sony and panasonic but the panasonic 's poor user manual would make it very difficult for a novice to figure out and your picture quality will be much better with sony 's digital 8. if you do n't have to record in minidv format or have a built in 3 megapixel still camera , i 'd recommend buying an inexpensive sony digital8 for about a third of the price of the gs250. if you do have to have a minidv camera and you wo n't be shooting in bright sunlight , try another brand . this upper end 3ccd camcorder will now have a home on a closet shelf where it will stay unless i need a very small camera to chase action in a cross country race or similar event on a sunny day . otherwise , i 'll use the old sony so i can share the video i shoot without being embarrassed about the picture quality 
books pos 230.txt dr. temperance brennan , a forensic anthropologist , is called upon to aid in the investigation of a commercial jet crash in the mountains of north carolina . andrew ryan , a colleague and romantic possible , turns up on site also when his partner in the quebec police is listed on the flight manifest . when temperance discovers a foot that does not seem to come from the disaster site , things begin to get dangerous for her and those around her . it becomes a clue in a deadly mystery involving many highly placed individuals who want their secret to remain just that , a secret . temperance and ryan spark reactions from each other , the question is , will it ignite or just smolder ? ? this novel is full of forensic science and detail that open the door to a fascinating yet gruesome world . kathy reichs has an afterword page in which she talks about 9 / 11 and the real disaster site in nyc where she aided in determining the identities of victims from the twin towers , serving on the government disaster response team , much like temperance in this novel.......although she says the horror and emotional impact was more than she could have imagined . the novel was written and published 2 months before the real disaster occurred 
camera pos 197.txt this can be a very easy to use camera . simply by using the auto mode and composing your pictures properly you can get very good jpeg images . it also can be about as complicated as you want to make it . it has many advanced features on it . i have been shooting 35mm for about 32 years . my most recent before this one being an elan ii e about 7 years ago . it 's still working also . the 30d is my first digital and i absolutely love the camera . i generally work in the aperture priority mode with a tripod at 100 iso when shooting landscape . but , the camera is very capable in auto mode as well without the tripod . i like to shoot raw so that i can tweek things a bit , but the jpeg images are very acceptable . it also works extremely well for portraits . it actually is better than the 35mm to me because it has very low noise even at higher isos . 1600 looks about like 800 film to me . this is a very good value for the money in my opinion 
health pos 636.txt i got mine for free on sale at least 6 months ago and it 's great . i know i should probably replace the head by now , but it still seems to work fine , so i don't . i 've only changed the battery once . if you want a cheap brush that gets the job done easier than the old fashioned type , this is it . then again , if you 're not lazy or weak , you can probably do just as good a job with a regular toothbrush and not waste batteries 
health pos 642.txt this is one of those products i 'd put on my " must have " list if i had an elderly parent who could n't handle a vaccumm and had some area rugs or runners near the front door or entrance to any room . for daily touch-ups , these things ca n't be beat . they are extremely light and get all the stuff that gets dragged into the house between deep vacuuming . of course , i really believe that a doormat at the front door will go a long way in keeping out a lot of the dust and debris . for the stuff that gets by that , use the carpet flick . i tend to shake out my runners and deep vaccum them regularly but i 've noticed that some people who are elderly do n't have the strength for that . because i help out taking care of two people over 90 , this has been a great help to them in maintaining their independence and ability to keep things clean when i 'm not around...and i 'm all for helping people to help themselves stay functional ! 
dvd pos 351.txt i watched this film at the suggestions of a friend...had to watch it again the very next night and have seen it several times since . it 's so nice to watch a film where people are acutally nice to each other and there is no offensive language or elicit scenes . just recently learned of some friends in a very similar situation and recommended the film to them to help work throught the emotions they are having . livvy , a young and educated woman finds herself pregnant shortly following the death of her mother . the father of her baby leaves the scene and livvy 's father insists that she will not have a child out of wedlock and so arranges her marriage to a lonely farmer in a very rural area of colrado . ray ( the farmer ) is shy and reserved , but was brought up with high moral values and treats livvy like she is something special . the rest of the movie develops the story of how ray and livvy get acquainted and eventually fall in love , even though that was not livvy 's original intention . i think the film has a powerful message about forgiveness and forbearance . i have purchased several copies and love to share it with friends . i highly recommend it ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 240.txt i started with the battery grip initially wanting the double battery availability . having used a 35mm with a hand strap and already realizing the value of the stability of such a strap , this was my second attraction for the purchase of the battery grip and last but not at all least , is the ability to use shoot from the grip itself , allowing full ease of rotation of the camera . though i have never used the battery magazine that allows for the use of aa batteries , having it offers a backup should the canon batteries need charging and i am in the heat of shooting . i always travel with my charge and four aa batteries . i would recommend this grip as a standard accessory for the eos-20d and eos 30-d . one thought to consider once on the camera it increases the overall height creating challanges with some camera cases . 
software pos 984.txt i like the way the program goes through the tax forms as if you are interviewing with a tax preparer . however , i think it needs to do a better job of explaining why a tax form cannot be emailed and how to address that issue 
camera pos 987.txt [below is my recent review of the jvc everio gz-mg40 , which has a 20gb hard drive rather than 30gb . becase gz-mg50 seems to be identical to gz-mg40 save the hard drive capacity , i thought this review would be useful to those considering to buy gz-mg50.] - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - i have been using this camcorder for almost two weeks now . and here are my impressions : pros : a ) this is a tiny camcorder and i can easily carry it in my pocket everyday . b ) it records directly on a [30gb] harddrive . this is probably the most amazing feature of this camera . it has the following amazing benefits : ( 1 ) a huge recording space ( 2 ) random access to recorded videos when browsing ( through a thumblist of videos ) ( 3 ) super fast transfer onto your computer through usb 2.0. ( 4 ) no tapes , no cds , no dvds to worry about while recording video . ( 5 ) facilitates easy archiving / organizing . for example , all the recorded files on the camera 's harddrive have " creation date " s as a part of their file information . when the camera is connected to your computer , you can sort all files by date and easily separate all recordings by date to different folders by simply selecting and dragging . ( this is extra , but if you want to index and be able to search your video files , say with google desktop , simply enter a list of keywords in the file name about the contents of the file . ) ( 6 ) the harddrive on your camera can double as additional portable storage media - this is unlikely but if you wanted you could even install linux on it and carry with you an operating system on your camera . c ) video quality is good for a consumer level video camera . the sound quality recorded through the internal microphone is good : i can hear the lectures i record very clearly and there is no annoying noise generated by the camera . d ) the charger that comes with this camera is very small . so you can carry that around as well and worry less about running out of battery . cons : a ) no mic jacks . b ) manual focus and light adjustments are done through menus . c ) the editing software that comes with it is limited . d ) the battery life is a mere hour ( but you can buy a 3 hour battery for 70-80 dollars ) . as with all camcorders , the still images shot with this camera are not at the level of quality you can get from a good still camera . it produces reasonable snapshots in well lit situations . the video files recorded by this camera have a " .mod " extension in their name . i replace " .mod " with " .mpg " and most of my standard video viewing software automatically recognize the files 
software pos 746.txt understand . i have a full ms new office suite that i got from work . but choose to use this product for the many items included which ca n't be beat . if you just want to use word and nothing else then get it alone . this is fine . but the other products are worth the discount and rebate also . cost is the lowest i found . if you have a reward ceriticate using amazon credit card . that $25 more off the price . so in the end it cost me $30 for it . shop smart and use any break you could get . right ? 
health neg 799.txt very disappointing . the shower head itself is massive - the size of a small dinner plate . it is attached to a long hose which is so flexible it ca n't support the weight of the head when the shower is in use . predictably , when you turn on the shower , the head drops groundward , spewing water in a horizontal spray . installs easily , but save your money 
books neg 136.txt this book reads like a horror novel . by allowing her dogs ( as well as another one in her care ) to roam freely throughout an urban area crisscrossed by busy roads , the author demonstrates her utter disregard for the animals ' welfare . not to mention the antisocial attitude she displays with her total inconsideration for her neighbors , and for the countless strangers kind enough to phone when her lost dogs seek refuge on their doorsteps . oh , and let 's not forget the dozens of shelter dogs killed because their potential adoptive homes were filled by the plethora of puppies spawned by the author 's choice not to spay and neuter her animals . this book moves at a peppy pace , and might have been interesting ( albeit morally reprehensible ) if the author 's " observations " actually provided any insight . but those eighteen-wheelers on the alewife parkway veered closer to poor misha than the author 's whimsical interpretations stray within range of scientific evidence . case in point : she is so clueless about the reality of canine behavior that she inadvertently allows one of her dogs to kill another one 's litter of puppies . oops ! any genuine dog lover ( or any human with an ounce of compassion and common sense ) will despise this book . a previous reviewer hit the nail on the head : if " feelings " are your road map to life , you might enjoy this book . if you regularly take your brain out for walk , forget it . calling this a meaningful book about dogs is like calling " jonathan livingston seagull " the definitive text on marine fowl 
dvd neg 448.txt the presentation of computer enhanced b&w images that in some cases were sort of new added limited value to my extensive video library , legacy of my father . however , the aural commentary of brannagh was repetitive and boring , each episode basically repeated the same 6+ octagenarian survivors exact same comments and reflections . 
health pos 491.txt these were a great deal and they are the only diapers , other than cruisers , that my son does n't leak through . 
books neg 889.txt the humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word " hilarity " however , i did not come across any situation that i would classify as even funny , not to mention hilarious . i thoroughly enjoyed her first novel , pink slip , however , this one seemed depressing . the two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story . the plot seemed to be very slow - the whole story took place in a matter of days , but really , nothing took place in the book . all in all , they bought a house . i would pass on this for better reads elsewhere 
camera pos 531.txt i bought this together with the sony alpha ( very good deal from amazon ) . the lens is a great complement to the kit lens or the identical but older km 18-70. images are very sharp and the lens is built very well . great for wildlife imaging . the other reviewers are right ; the af is n't too good at the long end of this lens but overall a great camera . the end of the lens does rotate while zooming . it may not be good for some filters 
health pos 815.txt i wanted a cordless shaver because at my age ( 49 ) i need my glasses on to see the hairs i 'm shaving , and that does n't work well in the shower ! this braun is a good buy , easy to use , and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly . it 's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel , but it 's quicker and less mess , so i think it 's a good trade-off . 
software pos 725.txt this map and trip maker is about the same as their previous versions except to my dislike , it no longer supports windows 98 , which happens to be the newest op that my old lap top can use . it also still lists some restaurants that have been closed for two years . the street maps it produces are accurate , except for a few minor glitches 
camera pos 834.txt i have sticked with sony since i got my first digital camera 4 years ago and sony camera has been the moneys worth ! this one dsc-t10 is the one for the parent who is carrying to much already and needs to pack down for a change . it fits in my purse and still have space for more , the only thing to remember to buy a slim fitting case for the camera and an extra battery ( for those kind of battery are not sold everywhere ) you need that one when you do n't thing you need an extra battery , you always run out at the wrong time . i recommend this one 
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly . 
camera pos 32.txt this lens works really fast . it is a great lens . captures the color in real depth and detail with my canon 20d camera 
health pos 774.txt i like this kit very much and my colleague are going to purchase it when they saw mine 
books neg 91.txt the author is a journalist , but he seems straight out of the chamber of commerce or a right-wing think tank . like business elites , the author basically does not particularly like democracy . in his view societies should be run by elites from several areas - even authoritarians if needed . he is a proponent of constitutional liberalism , based on laws , rights , especially property rights , separation of powers , with much of that power being held in unelected bodies , and most of all free-market capitalism . he finds that set of conditions to be far more important than the exercise of democracy . his low regard for democracy is easily seen in his minimal interest in the manner in which a society of laws is created or even its exact nature and who benefits . most in the west do care . rights and legal systems are not neutral : the manner of construction determines relative winners and empowerment . though the author 's real target is us society , he looks at the results of democracy over the world . and of course , he finds plenty of examples where democracy does n't work . a country in the grip of fanatics will invariably elect and support leaders who are little concerned with rights and legalisms . but it is ridiculous to imply that those situations have any bearing on democracy in the us . in the us , the author is most concerned with what he calls the democratization of society over the last fifty or so years . in actuality , he is focusing on mass culture that is spread through mass consumption as vigorously promulgated by globalizing capitalism . in this era , elites in finance , business , law , banking , health care , various media , etc have likewise been swept up , in fact are the driving force , in a money-first culture . he contends that such elites once had an ethos of service and basically kept our democracy on track via subtle pressures on the masses . it is simply a cynical misrepresentation to hold that massive shopping at wal-mart and the like represents democratic empowerment . the actual test of democracy would be the ability of a community to stop the wal-mart juggernaut . he especially decries direct citizen actions . he is correct to observe that referenda and initiatives have had unintended consequences , often being usurped by special interests with deep pockets . however , he little notes that citizens have taken those routes due to the unresponsiveness of legislative processes . it 's hard to take seriously the stance that the robber barons of the late 19th century , and their heirs , should be viewed as elites who kept our democracy on course , after bribing entire state legislatures as well as members of congress to accumulate vast sums . if citizens had actually been democratically empowered , such distortions of the political process could have been prevented . the theme that cash sanitizes crooks is as american as apple pie . his view that such unelected bodies as the supreme court and the federal reserve board prevent illiberal democracy is also questionable . who could be unaware of the politicization of those bodies : the embarrassing handling of the presidential election of 2000 or the cheerleading role of the fed during the stock market bubble of the late 1990s benefiting financial elites ? no , rule by elites has very frequency distorted and usurped democracy , not buttressed it . if the author put journalism first , instead of being an apologist for 21st century capitalism , he would note the death grip that corporations now have over our society and the political process , actually foiling democracy . first and foremost that control is solidified through the mass media and the education system , distorting and muting all challenging ideas . it is not surprising that americans have been unable to mount any significant challenge to this latest version of laissez-faire , free-market capitalism that is involved in such harmful developments as free-trade agreements , worker visa programs , massive immigration , out-of-control energy policies , broken health care systems , huge cutbacks in various safety net programs , massive redistribution of wealth upwards , the gutting of our manufacturing base , etc. the list could go on . informed , empowered citizens would not permit this system of corporate rule to exist . the us most decidedly is not in a state of too much democracy , but is in the throes of democratic failure , which election hoopla very conveniently disguises periodically . this is the story of democracy that the author chooses to ignore . it is surprising to see the fairly high ratings of this book . americans are supposedly fiercely democratic . yet here is a book that clearly advocates elite rule , even anti-democratic generals if need be . the book is really worth reading only to see the willingness of some to contain citizen empowerment . 
music neg 582.txt de la proliferacion de bandas angloparlantes de los ' 70 , no encuentro motivos para destacar esta placa....una mas y nada mas ue eso..despues de todo , es mi humilde opinion....humm..humble pie , descansa tranquilo... . 
camera pos 12.txt this is a good , affordable uv filter for protecting your expensive lenses . i leave it on my lens all the time . this particular filter ( l-39 sharp cut ) is especially good for wide angle lenses ( & lt ; 24mm focal length ) , because of its ultrathin profile , which prevents vignetting . i have used regular filters on wide angle lenses , with very bad results . although this filter is not multi-coated , i have not found it to be a big deal in the pictures i 've taken . multi-coated uv filters can cost 2x or 3x the price of this one , which i do n't think is worthwhile . all in all , i recommend this filter for canon or non-canon lenses 
dvd neg 37.txt this movie is a disaster . there is not one single memorable performance by the cast of " stars " . if you want to see a little boy happily running to school , get hit by a car , walk home injured and die , have at it . there is a reason that this movie is deeply discounted by amazon . criterion is probably losing money on this release and they desire it . they should be is ashame 
software pos 564.txt we purchased this program on the recommendation of a friend because we have a 4-yr-old grandson who 's very interested in art and is comfortable with computers . turns out his older sister has the program in school , kindergarten . they both enjoy having this to play with when they visit 
books neg 101.txt [the above is an actual quote from the book] i do n't usually read romances , but got this one at the library . i thought : thriller . hijacked plane , navy seal...all the right stuff . and the beginning was promising . stan fixes everything , and has a human side to him that was compelling . then the plot hit the fan ! as a thriller it stunk . the highjacking was interwoven into the plot weakly , as an after thought . the romantic " tension " between the protagonists was forced and irritating . the dialogue is mundane . the message that horniness leads to true romantic ( sam and alyssa ) love is rubbish . the only worthwhile character was the highjacked girl , and i think it was brave of the author to not have her come out unscathed . the historic ( wwii ) componant was interesting . but overall , i kept asking who the audience is for this book . not lovers of thrillers like me- -and i wonder , do romance readers even care about a highjacked plane , or was that just getting in the way of wondering whether teri will ever tell sam that she loves him ! 
books pos 276.txt i have only read the swedish translation of what i suppose is the " old edition " , but judging by " look inside this book " , this new english-language edition incorporates much material from the old . incidentally , the swedish edition gives the authors name as kallistos ware , apparently his taken orthodox name , while timothy ware is his original , given name . in sweden , the swedish translation of " the orthodox church " is the only readily available book on the history of the orthodox church . apparently , its used informally as a textbook in some college classes on church history . it also contains chapters on theology and worship . in my opinion , the book is a necessary introduction for those interested in orthodox church history . its first chapters summarize the history of this church during the byzantine empire , under islam , and in russia both before and during communism . of particular interest is the authors interpretation of the catholic-orthodox split , usually dated to 1054. the author believes that the so-called fourth crusade in 1204 was the real and final consummation of this split . however , the book must also be read with some reservations . the author is , after all , an orthodox christian himself . its safe to assume that there is a certain bias here and there . for instance , ware denies that the byzantine church was caesaropapist , a very untenable suggestion . at other times , he is surprisingly " liberal " for an orthodox . for instance , he paints mehmet fatih , the muslim conqueror of constantinople , as a very tolerant ruler . i also wonder about his interpretation of the church father cyprian . even so , " the orthodox church " remains an indepensable book for those looking for a short and concise historical over-view of this remarkable christian church . 
camera neg 648.txt i received the lens adapter but there was no info on how to use it . it screws in over the regular zoom lens but offers absolutely nothing to the use of the kodak dx6490. i suspect there are additional filters or other accessories that might make the adapter useful and hope to find out what they may be in the near future . the lens adapter by itself , does n't seem to add anything to the use of the camera without something else ? ? ? ben boykin , las cruces , nm 8801 
dvd pos 156.txt excellent little known movie with viggo mortensen as an f.b.i. agent under deep cover to infiltrate japenese mob . great performances by all {michael nouri , a little over the top} great action and sentimentality when viggos character is torn between man who treats him like a son and duty as an agent after f.b.i makes deal with mobster nouri to make a hit on the yakuza 
software pos 253.txt i think this program is fantastic . i have used it many times so far and have gotten many great compliments . 
camera pos 295.txt works as great as orignal battery . you will never know the difference except that is a lot cheaper ! 
health pos 806.txt i normally have severe pain in my neck especially when i first get up in the morning causing extremely painful headaches and migraines . this pillow has kept my neck in a suitable position , eliminating about 70-90% of my problems 
music neg 232.txt when it comes to big star 's 70 's output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton 's case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton 's oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star 's previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i 'll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton 's solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , " oh...that alex ! " sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as " big star . " in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n't expect much , you wo n't be disappointed . 
books neg 387.txt i had to buy this book for a class . it is an extremely boring read and i struggle to keep myself awake while reading it ( as does the rest of the class i am told ) . it does tell you about dreamweaver though and i suppose that is its purpose . one thing that i do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing internet explorer and other isp's . his personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary 
dvd neg 16.txt first of all , this is not the worst movie ever made , nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and some name stars . the worst movie ever made was " autumn in new york " , but that is a different review . no , this not a great movie , but it is very interesting . and for once , thank god , it does n't end with everything tied up in a pretty hollywood bow where everthing works out for everyone . it has a gritty sort of realism that transcends the walk through performances of the stars of the movie . and the scenery works well for the overall feel of the movie , bleak . more interestingly for me and others of my generation who grew up with the brat pack , this marked the end of these actors forays into trying to do the teenager thing . for molly ringwald , she did n't do anything of note again until " the stand " six years later , and for andrew mccarthy , well it could be argued that he still has n't starred in anything of note again ( although he probably made some money from " weekend at bernies " i & ii ) . anyway , probably better to rent than buy , i am only buying it to complete my 80 's collection . 
books pos 123.txt nine months ago i was hired to help turnaround a once successful business . from day one i realized that this was a company without focus . it 's one thing to define a problem , another to find a solution . haneberg 's book was a shot in the arm . just one concept - - " stop multitasking " - - would have been a major breakthrough for my team . and , personally , the idea of doing " one great thing " has completely revitalized my approach to a huge job . this book immediately rose to the rank of three or four " must read " titles in my business library . in the couple of months since i first read it ( and i 've re-read it a couple of times ) our department has moved far away from the reactive mode that drove decisions - - we 're nailing deadlines , we 're closing more sales , we 're thinking more strategically across the board . in a business and social environment that throws more at us day-by-day , hour-by-hour , this book is even more important than it would have been just a few years ago . we 're all doing more with less - - and this is a book that has helped me see order amid the chaos of conflicting priorities . if it 's true , as woody allen says , that 98% of success is showing up , then the other 2% is knowing how to keep your eye on the ball once you get there . this is the manual for getting your business - - and your life - - where you want it to be 
software pos 249.txt this is a very extensive volume of expert advice on how to use windows xp and so far i have found it helpful , although a bit too technical that is not compatible with my xp 
camera neg 712.txt i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery 
dvd pos 246.txt house 1 is darker than it 's sequels but stll maintains the horror / comedy feel throughout . do n't expect to be blown away by outlandish hollywood special effects . the majority of the special effects are not special . but if you can get over that , you 'll enjoy the movie . dvd is pretty bare bones with no amazing special features . i doubt much of that was available due to the age of the film . i 'm just happy it was released on dvd ! if you are a fan of low budget horror / comedy movies this movie may appeal to you . it 's no evil dead , but it is an entertaining movie . 
health neg 336.txt do n't bother with these . i am a school nurse , and not just this brand , but most brands of ear thermometers are inconsistent , especially when the average person does incorrect positioning in the ear canal . i had to use the ear type for 8 years between pediatric icu and school nursing . i got pretty good at getting consistent readings , except on very small ear canals , and those with a lot of wax . we got rid of ours and went with an exergen temporalscanner temporal artery thermometer . it takes less time , does n't require probes , and you can get one at costco for $30 
dvd pos 633.txt this film is one big joke : you have all the basics elements of romance ( love at first sight , great passion , etc. ) and gangster flicks ( brutality , dagerous machinations , the mysterious don , etc. ) , but it is all done with the crudest humor . it 's the kind of thing you either like viserally and immediately " get " or you don't . that is a matter of taste and expectations . i enjoyed it and it took me back to the mid80s , when nicolson and turner were in their primes . the acting is very good , if a bit obviously tongue-in-cheek . recommended 
camera neg 801.txt i bought this frame as a gift for my husband and he was extremely disappointed with the grainy quality of the photos . we promptly sent it back for a refund . i would recommend spending the money on a better digital frame or save your money altogether and create a slideshow screensaver on your computer monitor ! 
books pos 63.txt i have never been a big fan of motivational books , because they seem so " pie in the sky " if you know what i mean . but a friend recommended this one to me and told me it was different . he was right . it was easy to read and in fact i did n't want to put it down . but what i really liked was the " how to " part of the book . after all , it 's no good reading about other people 's success stories if you do n't know how to make your own . also , something i thought was interesting is that the author has a website called success compass which helps you set goals and then e-mails you a reminder several times a day . i guess the real key to success is not allowing yourself to forget what you want , and this website does n't let you forget . hmmmmm . . . electronic nagging as the key to success ! ; - ) hey , whatever works 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
camera pos 453.txt i have been using this camera quite a bit and am completely happy . it has both point and shoot , and slr features . you can take quick shots or get started with amiture photography . the software was easy to use , easy to set up , and it works well on my mac . it has the quality the you would expect with the canon name . 
music pos 212.txt even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously 
dvd neg 925.txt it is not good as a mainstream movie , it does not have a good plot , some scenes are not relevant . even as a soft-porn movie , it does not do a good job . try watching " i like to play games " , its a much better soft-porn movie . 
dvd neg 366.txt this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen . the writing and acting , as far as i am concerned , are no better than that of a middle school live performance . the only reason i did n't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $10 to buy it used . that something never came . i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment , such as & quot ; schindler 's list&quot ; & amp ; & quot ; the pianist&quot ; . trust me , pass it up just as fast as you can 
software neg 550.txt this program sucks . i used it last year and thought that it was unwieldy and really confusing ( i.e. unlike turbotax and other programs , there 's very little transparency in the system ) . then i bought it again this year because the store that i went to was out of turbotax , and i needed to get my taxes done quickly . this year was even worse than last year - not only was it still unwieldy and irritating , but it gave me figures that simply did not make sense . the results for the federal return were ok , but it gave me figures that would have cost me over $2 , 000 in taxes that i did not owe on my state return . i ended up going online to double check my results using a cheap ( $10 ) online service recommended by the ny state tax website . within 45 minutes , i cleared the online source , and got results that made far more sense . i have no idea what happened with taxcut , but i suspect that they may have been missing a field somewhere along the line - this is a problem that has been noted by a number of others in reviews on a variety of sites . i will not be buying this product again 
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead 
software pos 541.txt i like this screensaver , because you think the fish are really real and you can feed them and watch them and you tap on the glass your fish will sometimes react . i 'm going to keep it forever and ever.the 2 expansion packs to complete my screensaver of fish is the arowana pack and the funstuff pack . thank you for reading this cool review and my name is kris.i really like aquazone 
health neg 911.txt sold as " one size fits all " but they did n't fit 2 out of 3 people in my house . they are tight even on a medium woman 's hand so beware 
dvd pos 866.txt stay tuned is about roy and helen knable . roy gets a new tv from mr. spike . the new tv has 666 channels that 's filled with shows such as " facts of life support " , " 30 something to life " , " sadistic hidden videoes " , " murder , she likes " and commerical parodies . roy and helen has 24 hours to live through hell 's channels . will they make it out alive ? stay tuned 
health neg 579.txt a total piece of garbage , do not buy this at all . first of all it is battery operated which i did not know when i bought it . secondly , when i went to put batteries in it , the terminals in side of it are offset , one is higher than the other , and the higher terminal was damaged . when i put the batteries in and put the cover on it did not work , the case was pushing the battery away from the terminal . it worked without the cover on but that doesnt do anyone any good if u cant prevent the batteries from falling out . the thing is rather loud too and cover is a piece of cheap plastic . the thing is a piece of garbae , do not buy this item ! ! ! ! ! 
software pos 254.txt very easy to use and provides a very wide range of cards and other items . excellent product . dav 
dvd neg 407.txt maybe it 's just me , but i really do n't see the appeal of this movie . it 's an incredibly small production ( 3 actors comprise nearly the entire film ) , with very low production values . norman reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker , but alan rickman and polly walker are not at their finest , either . ( and i am an alan rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie . ) if you are an alan rickman fan , chances are you 've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them . and dark harbor is just one more of these . do n't let the promise of a " nude scene " convince you to buy this movie - honestly , alan rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on . as far as the movie is concerned , the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging . it is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off . 
camera neg 94.txt i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix . 
camera pos 119.txt got the lowero slingshot 100 about 2 months ago , and it is really coming in handy . in the main area , it holds my pentax digital slr with one lens mounted , 1 rather small lens and 1 decently big zoom lens ( 80-320mm ) , plus a sigma ef-500 super flash . it 's packed in there , and the flash just barely fits , but i do n't need much more room . the top compartment holds extra batteries , recharger , etc. really easy to access the main pocket when it is on my back...just by pulling the case to my front ( no need to take it off my back ) . well made . zippers are strong so i do n't have to worry about one loosening and my equipment falling out . perfect for the amateur to semi-pro photographer . 
music neg 455.txt i listened to this cd and unless you are into the whole barking dog sound of a band i did n't like this one , one bit , but than again it was also for my husband . i definitely would not recommend unless you have heard of the band and like that style of music 
music neg 150.txt come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though 
music pos 125.txt i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! ! 
software neg 390.txt despite generally good experiences with microsoft products , windows live onecare seems to have resulted in very poor performance on a brand new lenovo pc running windows xp . i removed it and performance has improved back to where it was , now running mcafee for virus scanning etc 
music pos 839.txt their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review 
health neg 697.txt while one would think it would be impossible to foul up such a simple and common tool , the manufacture has indeed done so . the " spoon " portion of this shoe horn is attached to a heavy coil . i supposed this is intended to give the working end some flexibility , but instead of using a fastener or weld , its just rolled metal inserted into the coil . after only two uses the " spoon " came out of the coil and even though i could easily enough put it back together , after a couple of more uses it became so loose it would not stay . basically its now a shoe horn minus the twenty something inch handle now . would recommend buying a more simply designed , single piece shoe horn . 
dvd neg 421.txt the crappiest dvd release ever ! video and audio quality sucks ! this is not a jet li movie . buyer 's beware ! i 'll give this a negative rating 
books pos 420.txt i love this book ! i have read a-c so far , and this is my favorite book so far . it has a really strong plot , and a surprising ending . this crime book series is great , and i highly suggest picking this book up , or even starting with a 
music neg 983.txt i 'm not exactly sure how to classify this , nor do i think it really deserves the time . how this album has garnered so many positive reviews is beyond me . my only guess is that some tired , pretentious teen on myspace raved over it and voila , the clique was born . now , i really wanted to like this and gave it numerous listens . but each time , it sounds more and more like these guys were just doing some busy work around the house , started humming some melodies and then recorded them . immature and pretty much unoriginal . and just because an album is labeled " concept " does n't automatically qualify it as a masterpiece . if you want a flawless concept album that actually has an interesting story just go and buy " the wall " . unless your circle of friends has threatened to emascualte you for not owning this , do n't bother with this bloat . 
music neg 72.txt i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up 
health neg 706.txt the very first thing i noticed was how small and crammed the case was . it was almost impossible to fit everything back in the case without thinking you have damaged something . the other thing was how awkward the entire assembly was . the bonnnet was difficult to get on , mainly because the hose connected to the bonnet was heavy and in an awkward place , and kept pulling the bonnet off my head . after a couple of trys and reading the instructions , i knew i would never use it , simply because it was such a struggle just to get it on your head . whoever designed this product should be demoted 
music neg 71.txt as much as it pains me to say it this live cd is not a worthy billy joel release . in fact one wonders why it was released at all . billy 's voice is strained and is prone to over singing and the arrangements are overblown . from the sound of things billy sounds like he was drunk or on medication . a lot of the running time is waisted with lengthy monologues with the audience . why this was put on the cd is anyones guess but it just neans less songs ! however the good news is that this cd has now been blown away by his superb new 12 gardens cd in which billy is the billy of old . the one who sung well and sung the songs straight as they were meant to be sung . 12 gardens is crammed with 32 songs rather than the 26 on offer here and there 's no timewaisting audience chat ! ! 
books neg 148.txt i got this as both a book and an audio file . i had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author , but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts ( e.g. , i gasped when he suggested christ went to hell...what bible passage evidences this ? ) . i agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep...but wonder if i go further how much more eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations . where were his editors when this was being written ? why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities ? i havent read all the reviews here but as one of those " conservatives " frequently mentioned in them i have to admit i may not even finish this book for fear of what else eldredge has slipped up on . i did appreciate his story about daniel and the " delayed " angel...but am left wondering if i need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too . what a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me . we are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well..the bible well . so far...i may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize christians and return to the word itself . i wonder if i can get a refund 
health pos 248.txt i 've tried all kinds of bibs , but nothing works better than pampers bibsters . right size , great pocket to catch crumbs , covers my 18 mth old , soaks up spills . i use them full time , not just on the road . 
camera neg 984.txt this is a good charger - quick and portable . but the battery life of the battery sucks ! 
music neg 662.txt being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears 
dvd neg 81.txt the movies and stories are classic westerns , the quality is horrible , these are not remastered . it looks like they found the oldest copy of the film and transfered it to dvd . if i did n't like the actual movies , i would not buy knowing the quality 
camera pos 792.txt upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3 
books pos 568.txt i 'm writing this before reading the whole book but its a collection of articles so the different chapters are discrete units under a common theme of the economies of the arab world with a good deal on the economies of their oil producing gcc members . reading this book more than twenty years after it was published is fascinating as so many of the issues and repercussions mentioned have either come true or held true and the state of the region has not improved considerably but even regressed in many cases . consider the following excerpt from the book that i found interesting : " the oil states today face tremendous challenges , as oil revenues start to decline . few expected that the decline would come so soon . everybody knew it would come , but it was expected later rather than sooner . " this is almost like seeing history repeat itself in real time . worth a look if you 're interested in the field 
music pos 16.txt this album sparked the so-called " neo-soul " movement years before it was adopted by other artists . back in early 1986 everything was about synthesizer overkill and prince broke the music back down to its roots . this concept was later used by tone tony toni , brand new heavies , and d'angelo . 
dvd pos 569.txt this film seems to be known worldwide as a " chick flick " , from the romantic aspects of it , to the current anniversary dvd 's pink cover . i 'm an 18 year old guy who absolutely digs this film , especially due to the holly golightly character . after viewing this film for the first time , i developed a crush on the character holly ( kind of goofy , i guess , but it 's very hard for me to dislike a character like her . ) audrey hepburn played her to perfection . the film was also brilliantly shot by franz planer and directed by blake edwards . i love the film 's dialogue as well , it has a very realistic quality , and it 's so fun to hear the characters converse with each other . " breakfast at tiffany 's " is perhaps the best " date " movie ever conceived . this film is an absolute classic that is worth subsequent viewings and it will never age . 
software pos 470.txt i travel quite a bit and am able to use the digital recorder to take notes while driving . it has saved me a lot of time and works well 
software neg 180.txt first of all , microsoft needs to come down on their prices ( not that this will ever happen ) . i build computers for a living , and i 'd say that 9 times out of 10 windows is the single most expensive piece of any pc i build . that being said , xp has come a long way . service pack 2 has done wonders for security . i also found it is the most stable version of windows i 've used to date . that 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . it still lets in it 's share of " germs " , stops responding from time to time ( hangs ) , and it 's very slow to shut down . the built-in cd writing software is terrible and remote desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . however , the biggest problem i 've had so far is with product activation . as a pc technician , i 'm always testing new parts . the most annoying problem i 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes ( let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory ) all within a certain period of time ( 180 days maybe ? ) windows makes you reactivate . this becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . it makes you call microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . then you have to read them a long number ( i think 41 digits ) and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . it 's driven me to the point of using windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing xp compatibility . overall , i feel that i paid too much for this operating system . 
books pos 939.txt ted kheel has written a masterful , poignant and important book . in an increasingly litigious and contentious world , his is a voice of reason , compassion and true vision . as karl llewellyn observed , & quot ; technique without compassion is a menace , and compassion without technique is a mess . &quot ; mr. kheel gives us both , in a manner that is brilliantly accessible , thought-provoking and inspiring 
health pos 475.txt this is a great sized foot bath . i pour hot water in it , sit back and relax . it does n't keep the water warm , but if i start off with really hot water it stays warm until i 'm ready to get out . using the pedicure attachements is hard work though - i just assume use a hand-held brush . the bubble feature is too loud to use while watching tv . still , for the price , i like this foot bath . i 've even given it as a gift 
health pos 417.txt i purchased the mitts for a gift and also for myself . the person for whom i purchased them is very happy with them and so am i . i was looking for a mitt that could keep my hands as hot as possible because i have arthritis and was surprised that the heat stays for more than 1 hour . it is too soon to tell but i hope it will help me with the arthritis in my hands . 
software neg 814.txt this software might be recommended if better utilities were n't out there . this one gives the user a sense of security , but when my system crashed , fix-it couldn't . i dutifully put in the rescue disk , booted up on it , restored my earlier system , exited and rebooted . nothing . before i 'd been able to get into safe mode , but now nothing . so when i manually restored my system , guess which program got yanked ? and it freed up a lot of system resources , too . ( had i known how much before , that alone would have soured me . ) my system now runs faster and does n't lag while typing . another small criticism : even though fix-it has automatic update for virus scans , i found more often than not i had to go to the vcom site and manually download the anti-virus files . no reason was ever given ; i 'd just get a message telling me to do it . very inconvenient . also warning*warning : this program has strict activation . you can only have it on one computer , so forget putting it on your notebook computer . finally , be careful when cleaning your registry . look at every entry this suite wants to delete . if you run it on default , it may remove critical registry keys and settings . in fact , i 'd use a different registry cleaner or some of the free ones . fix-it has some great features , but not enough to make it worth the system resources and a system sluggish system . ( not to mention the anti-virus problem ) . try system mechanic instead . 
software pos 190.txt i am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . my friends and family that i have made cards for think they are the best also . keep making more and more . thank 
books pos 913.txt once again larry mcmurtry delivers the goods in this tale of the old west . we are introduced to calamity jane who spends a lot of time writing letters to her daughter by the light of a campfire . calamity jane joins a western touring company and the sea voyage to america is particularly memorable . there is also another character worth mentioning , namely a native american called no ears who views the world in terms of deep philosophical thought . towards the end of the book we see calamity jane lamenting her lost youth and sadly reflects on the glory days of the old west that she was once a part of . larry mcmurtry has writen a fine novel with a real , believable female character which is something most writers in this genre are unable to accomplish.another wondrous tale from a master of his craft 
dvd pos 792.txt well , almost . the seats were good and i drank straight out of the bottle . the dvd was n't what i thought i had purchased but i 'm not at all unhappy about getting it . very , very , very good quality audio / video and i do n't mind watching it often 
software pos 442.txt i bought this program for my 11 yr old granddaughter and she has very quickly learned the keyboard . i wanted her to learn the correct way to type before she developed bad hunt and peck habits . so much homework now requires typed reports . she had fun with it . it 's a great program ! 
books neg 660.txt not easy for any beginner to use . unless you knew exactly what kind of silver you were trying to identify i.e. english , scottish , irish.. . etc , it was a bit confusing . marks are black & amp ; white , some not showing very good clarity and everything is in extremely in small print . if you just want to sort through tons of marks and dates , this may be for you . if you want information about your piece , pass it up 
dvd pos 537.txt as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery 
books pos 319.txt this book covers in depth the lbo of rjr nabisco in the late 1980s . recommended to me by an investment banker friend that knew i wanted to go into m&a work , i decided to read it . i thought the book was excellent , but maybe unnecessarily long . the authors were meticulous in explaining everything about the deal and those involved - from the history to every single meeting and telephone conversation . the two authors never mentioned whether they were present during every conversation or not , but did an incredible job at recreating all that happened nonetheless . for someone interested in pursuing a top wall street job , this book is a must . for everyone else that just likes good non-fiction , this book does a superb job at representing the greed of an era 
dvd pos 72.txt this is a teen movie with the endless teen theme of boy seeking to get the goodies from the girl . it is better than the average for this genre due to several factors . mostly , it is because is well done . the subject matter lends itself to course treatment but that is not what is presented here . instead , the situations are depicted with as much dignity as possible from hormone driven teenagers and is is presented with comedy . the time of the film is the 50s . society was more innocent back then but boys still had the same thing on their minds that they always have and always will . in this case , the school geek has a bad case for the school beauty queen . he is aided in his quest by the cool loner from out of town who has his own heart set on " the nice girl " . meanwhile , the unpopular girl has a bad case herself for the geek . the geek achieves his goal and learns that the decorative aspects of women sometimes cover up the less desirable traits . the loner finds that the nice girl really is a nice girl and that love is something special . the unpopular girl undergoes a hormone miracle and becomes a prize catch . everyone winds up happy except the town bully / rich boy . it is simplistic in its portrayal but no less appealing for that . kelly preston plays the beauty queen and she really is the stuff of dreams until the wrapper comes off . doug mckeon plays the geek who becomes a prize himself . catherine mary stewart is the nice girl that i wish had lived next door to me and jami gertz is the metamorphosed hormone miracle . the cast is rounded out by chris nash . each does a good job in the role . teen angst comes to the fore and a worthwhile story actually results . it was fun and bittersweet in the memories it conjured . 
music neg 826.txt except for the song , mother mother , i did n't really care for the rest of the cd . i bought it for mother , mother so i guess i got what i wanted . i had hoped to like other songs as well , but , oh well 
software neg 456.txt found the registration number difficult to read . had to have customer service tell me that they run into this all the time ! the i 's look like 1's . tried it again ! i got it to load . my computer slowed down significantly ! certain sites i could not access anymore without re-configuring the software . i have used norton . mcaffee or whatever , and other suite type security software . this one was the worst . i would not recommend it . i got a well deserved refund 
music neg 95.txt yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money 
software pos 593.txt just completed a 1600 mile trip from ohio to virginia beach and the microsoft streets and trips with gps worked better than expected . only lost the gps in extremely hilly areas . no loss in towns . this thing is very precise for the low price paid . if you pull into a place such as a gas station , you have the address immediately . it can route you back to your mapped routing if you make a wrong turn . pressing the space bar will get you the next turn in case you missed hearing the last prompt . this is a powerful program and should be an asset to any traveler . a co-pilot is good to have but not totally necessary . as mentioned above , it will route you back to your road if needed . a great buy . would be nice if the prompt would name the street or route 
dvd pos 46.txt i enjoy all three of the the jurassic park movies , though i think & quot ; the lost world&quot ; is a bit weak . while i think that anyone who enjoys action movies , monster movies , or horror movies should own all three , i find it difficult to recommend this set because there is a set that contains not only the three movies , but a fourth dvd containing substantial background information on the making of the movies . i give this collection four stars only because the larger , more comprehensive collection is available and if you liked the first two , you will definitely like the third movie 
camera neg 98.txt hello all , lens hoods are pretty much a necessity , but this has to be the mostly poorly made hood i 've ever used . unlike other hoods that screw on , this one requires you to press to opposing clips and then slide the hood one , and release the clips . this leads to problems of alignment , meaning both sides of the clip need to be perfectly aligned in order for the hood to fit right . although it 's a pain and i hate...i do n't really have another alternative . either go w / o a hood , or take this one . either way , guess i 'd rather have a hood on the lense than not having one 
camera neg 80.txt i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems 
books pos 206.txt when i first read the title , my first thought is " i know this , i 've heard it before " . that is how i felt . until i read the book . what an eye opener ! i happen to be one who rarely gets sick , and recovers quickly when i do . i also tend to opt for a healthier life style . however , there is a family history of cancer . in reading this book , i realized that there is even more that i need to be doing to protect myself and my family . dr. rapp has done a considerable amount of research and shares her findings with the reader . research references are listed at the end of each chapter for those wanting to learn even more . if you own a home you need to read this book . if you rent a home or apartment , you need to know the information in this book . if you golf or live near a golf course , this book is for you . if you have children or grandchildren in school , consider reading this book 
camera pos 755.txt this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm 
health neg 788.txt i used relacore for one week.....it did n't work the only thing it helped with was sleeping . the bottle says take one with each meal and i did by 3pm daily i was fighting to keep my eyes open . if you need help sleeping this is one too take . also i put on 3 pounds 
dvd neg 965.txt i was eager to see this movie , having loved the original " american werewolf " movie ; but was sadly disappointed . i did n't care at all for the characters , the humor was missing completely and generally it stank up the screen . mark me off if you do n't agree - i know you rude lot will anyway - but that 's my story and i 'm sticking to it 
software pos 435.txt i initially purchased creator 9 to do the same thing this software does , but the only thing is it didnt hang my computer when it came down to burn the dvd . this software is pretty much easy to use , comes with two ( bibles ) manuals , plenty of information in there to creat some good videos . i recommend buying this or you can always buy creator 9 have it crash your system and then spend a few days trying to review other products out there that have gotten good reviews such as this one . you will be happy with the videos you make . you can make a video containing still images ( pictures ) , video from camcorder camera or from your computer , add text in the movies , add background music , its awesome . i must say again it wont hang your system . please get it , your family and yourself wont be disappointed . 
dvd pos 70.txt i love this film , beautifully simple and human . the characters are real ; flawed yet somehow you find sympathy for them - just like your own family . i 've rented at least fifteen times , and i never get bored of it . it 's great any time of year , but fantastic for the holidays 
software pos 401.txt i 'm just learning , and this bible is wonderful . it 's written in language i can understand ( much easier than the king james version ) , and the commentary brings everything into focus . there is so much extra information in this book and the commenters really took care to try to explain so a newbie like me could understand . the book comes with a concordence also , which is a god-send ( sorry about the pun ) . i 've been so engrossed in reading that i have n't even looked at the cd-rom yet , but i 'm sure it will have great information also . if you want an easy-to-read bible that comes with fantastic study material , this is the right book for you 
camera neg 470.txt have never before provided a negative review but this is a product to avoid . instructions worthless - - only learned by reading reviews here that it is possible to change some display settings then went to much trial and error . after getting best possible settings , main problem is still picture quality : using high quality jpg files as input , photos display with about the visual sharpness of the sunday funnies - - individual dots very noticeable even at some distance . not at all like what i have seen in other digital picture frames . just arrived from amazon and intended as a v-day gift ( tomorrow ) for my wife , big disappointment , guess i better make a dash to the florist . 
dvd neg 685.txt ( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster ) 
dvd neg 891.txt racer takes on a rookie . wow . we 've never seen that before , have we ? the worst thing about this movie are the race scenes , many of which resemble a video game . i 'd rather watch abc sports ' " to live and drive the indy 500. " that 's more realistic and much more fun 
books neg 192.txt i love dogs but if i had wanted to know the ins and outs of dog obedience training , including the different levels snd sub-levels , i would have bought a manual . i wanted a mystery with fully fleshed out characters and a plot that kept me guessing . i got neither . the characters were neither likeable nor substantive . except for the cop next door , i have no idea what they even look like or what , if anything , they care about besides dogs . the plot was predictable and the action stuck in first gear . maybe the series inmproves after this book . i 'm not taking that chance 
camera pos 977.txt i checked the 3ccd from panasonic and the canon camcorders . in that price range this is the best i found ( if you have the extra money , the new hdv camcorder from sony might be your best bet ! ) . important:the ccd issues referred in other user comments are real ( although i do n't know if it will also apply to this new model ) . it actually happened on my previous sony . i purchased a 5 years warranty from sony for my dcr-hc90. 5 years is a good product life so i will take the risk of ccd failure after that period and enjoy this great product until then ! great features are : small but feels solid , 3 megapixel pictures ( impressive quality for camcorder ) , incredible low light performance , nice touch screen , great features . battery life is actually not too bad from original battery but you might need an extra . what i did not like : cannot take full size pictures in camera mode ( only in memory mode ) , limited zoom compared to most new camcorders and lots of required extra ( svideo cable , ilink cable , video light , decent size memory stick , extended warranty ) . i am still giving this a 5-stars overall . 
software pos 748.txt i use ms office at work , and at home , but for my daughter 's computer this was perfect . most people do n't need the full version of office , and this package has so much for so little money . the full version of word is reason enough to spend this amount of money . note : this is not the latest version , but who cares . i would say this is one of the best software deals out there . unless you need 100% office compatiblity , this is the package for you . if you do , buy the student and teacher version of ms office . read the fine print , it is for anyone not using it for business 
books neg 360.txt this novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries . in between the entertainment biz cliches , the author can only think to put various assination hits . some of the characters are interesting but not believable , and they certainly ca n't make up for the braindead plot . read some of his other novels and skip this one 
health neg 147.txt does not measure up to the shihatsu 110 ac messager , which actually works . this unit has multiple vibrating buzzers . i could not feel the heat . the motors turned on high create an odd noise much like the kids ' giant bass speakers 
health pos 459.txt i get compliments all the time on this scent . it is one of my favorites . it smells exactly like cotton candy . its fun , flirty , and nostalgic of childhood romps at the fair ! if you like sweet edible scents , then this one is for you 
music neg 875.txt this album in some ways is a perfect antithesis of the quirky , wacky , vivid personality of the first three galactic studio albums- -this is boring , flat and generic . is that stanton moore or a drum machine ? precede straight to garage a trois 
software pos 903.txt maybe it 's because i was upgrading from an older version - - 2002 - - but i found the new features to be very good . for example.. . the junk mail feature works better than any other i have used . it was catching junk from the very beginning , and has missed very few things . i have only had one thing put in the junk folder that was not junk email . also the security features are far superior to the 2002 version . and the calendar is more flexible and easier to use . installation was seemless . i think it might be a little overpriced , but considering how long i will keep it , it 's not too bad 
books pos 636.txt the man of her dreams the woman of his ! is a book that is critically necessary today in light of our divorce culture . sadly , it equally affects christians the sames as non-christians . joel pulls no punches in assigning the blame to men 's arrogance and poor exploitive biblical exegesis . the back and forth style communicates the same cooperation and give and take necessary for successful marriages . this book is must read for the engaged , newlyweds , and those struggling to stay together . all cliches aside , this is a must read . rodrick burton author , the moral state of black america 
software neg 57.txt windows xp , and basically any other windows based os is junk . after using windows 3.1 , 95 , 98se , 2000 , me , and xp , i was getting very sick of the same old boring basic programs . linux however , has tons of programs with a lot of extra features to it . spellcheck is one . i have to buy microsoft word or some other office program for spell check , and how much ? ! ? ! i 'll tell you one thing , it ai n't free . linux however , there is spell check , and not just in their word processor . i also found this in their messenger program , email , and even in web browsers , free ! the other thing i hate about windows is " you must activate your copy , and only one copy per computer " . with linux , there is no activating , or " one per computer " . you do n't have to fear changing hardware and having to call in to reactivate , typing in a ton of numbers and answering questions . you can give someone a copy of linux , and they can try it , for free , and for life ! it 's not 30 days free , or free for only a few people , it 's free for everyone for life ! as for one who mentioned that linux releases more fixes than windows , that is true . the difference between windows and linux when it comes to releases is like this . when microsoft finally gets the operating system done enough , they will release it . linux will release free their os / software right away . you can download it right away as it becomes available or simply wait until they fix the bugs . so in other words , let 's say both os 's have the same software . day 5 comes along , and this software pretty much works , but may have some bugs . linux will release this , and you have the " option " of installing it and trying it out , or wait until more bugs are fixed . windows will not release this until it is more offical and finished . this is why linux has a lot of patches , they give it to you when they first get it going , and as they continue to improve this , you can enjoy it right away and not have to wait so long . it is also true that windows can be attacked by viruses within hours , where as linux can take several days / weeks / months . also , linux has been proven to give your hardware / computer a longer life span . it can also work better with older hardware so you do n't have to be compelled to upgrade all the time . why not try out linux ? it 's a lot cheaper , and you may be amazed by how great it really is . i prefer mandriva 2006. it 's a great system . final note - windows : very costly , even more so to get the benefits / features linux : free windows : one per computer , or buy more licenses linux : one copy to everyone for life , or each person can have a copy for life windows : boring ; basic programs linux : several programs , multiple browsers , more than one type of software to fit your needs . windows : new hardware / reformat pc : you must spend time on phone and answer questions and type in several numbers to activate your pc . linux : new hardware / reformat : here 's your os installed ; you 're good to go ! windows : constantly gets attacked by viruses linux : quite a lot safer windows : support ? lol . yeah , there may be some linux : various sites where you can ask questions for free and get help on your os that 's just some of the reasons why i love linux 
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc 
camera neg 179.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
books neg 710.txt i was n't pleased with this book . i 've read all of ms. warren 's e-books and i have to say they have a lot more fire . she lost a lot in this book . somewhere around the middle of the book , i started thinking " did i actually buy a book this bad . " because i enjoyed her e books so much i did n't stop to think before purchasing it . i was so happy to have her book , i immediately called a friend who also drove to the book store to purchase the book . boy , did i get it from her the next day . because we do n't believe in throwing money away , we 're still stuggling to finish the book . hopefully , there is light at the end of the tunnel . 
dvd neg 916.txt the slick stylish spanish thriller " nobody knows anybody " is set in seville during holy week in the year 2000. newspaper crossword puzzle developer and would-be writer simon cardenas ( eduardo noriega ) is struggling as usual with his novel when he receives a cryptic telephone message ordering him to use the word " adversary " as an answer to an upcoming crossword clue . since the message also contained threats , simon does what he 's told , and he soon finds himself embroiled in a nightmarish sequence of events . directed by mateo gil , " nobody knows anything " opens with a scene of a man stabbed to death with a crucifix through his heart , and this scene is one of the ideas that feeds the notion you are about to see some sort of horror film with religious overtones , but the plot moves away from the horror aspect into straight thriller territory . the film- -which owes much of its style to american thrillers- -is slickly produced , and the exotic settings of the sights and sounds of seville help , but the preposterous plot with its huge gaps in logic and implausibility ultimately left this viewer disappointed and feeling a bit cheated by the experience . i was intrigued at first by the film and drawn into the plot . however , once the plot and the mystery aspect became clear ( and i ca n't give away too much here ) , the film became silly and trite . there 's little character development- -our hero is a flat , dull passive character , and the film 's emphasis is on the thrill aspect . a slick product that is ultimately empty and really ridiculous , this film is in spanish with english subtitles- -displacedhuma 
dvd neg 430.txt if there 's a worse movie than this i have n't seen it ! looks like it was made in a day . the quality is dark and muddy with choppy edits . sort of like it was copied from a vhs tape that was recorded in the 6 hour mode after it was played 6 , 000 times . the actors and actresses deliver their lines like they are playing aliens in a bad twilight zone episode . if you look hard enough you can see the guy holding the cue cards in the scenes . the musical performances are obscure little known doo wop flops ! ( except for frankie lymon ) . look.....i wasted $14.99 plus tax plus gas to " run out " and buy this bomb . the only possible way to save it would be to maybe dub it in swedish , send it to a greenwich village " art house " and pass it off as a foreign film . come to think of it....do n't bother to dub it.....the sound is so off it looks dubbed already ! important update.....please read this ! i later discovered after i wrote this review that there is some significant social redeeming value to this little gem of the 50's . i understand that it is used constantly at the international institute for sleep disorders as the most preferred method of inducing a semi-comcious near sleep state for incurable insomniacs . and so as i write this update i 've been watching the flick again and i must admit.....i.... . ( yawn ) oh excuse me...where was i...oh yes i must admit that i.... . ( bigger yawn ) oh my goodness....i 'm so sorry....this is so rude of me... . ( yawn ) but it seems like.... . ( snoring ) ....i... . ( snoring ) i just ca n't seem to ( intense snoring ) ........ 
music neg 951.txt this never should 've been pressed . they should 've taken the mix and thrown it out . do not buy ! ! 
music pos 232.txt this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules 
health neg 84.txt this pedometer is so much cheaper ( ~$7 ) than the typical decent ones ( that go for about $18 - $20 ) .. now i know it is for a reason. . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one i bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the sr citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device. . terrible ergonomics / form factor . would recommend spending a bit more and getting the omron / oregon sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality 
music neg 954.txt what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned . 
health pos 296.txt i 'm more than satisfied with this scale . i was concerned that i would have to buy a more expensive scale to get good accuracy ( see reviews of other digital scales in this price range , ) but i 've tested it several times over several days , and my weight varies by 2 pounds or less over the course of the day . my first weigh-in of the day is pretty much the same as previous mornings , sadly . the neutral color ( grey ) and glass would blend in well with just about any decor , and the lcd screen is easy to read , with 1.5 inch high numbers . the only thing i do n't like about it is that it creaks quite a lot when i step on it , even though i 'm nowhere near its 330 pound maximum load . that problem is in my head more than in the scale : i do n't think it 's going to break , but it sounds like i 've got two people standing on it at once- -i 'm not that fat , am i ? an added feature is that when i 'm craving , i go into the bathroom and look at it , and know that it is n't going to fall for any of my excuses tomorrow morning . so the last piece of cake still sits in the fridge . the scale has intimidated me into not eating it . accurate , easy to read , easy on the eyes , and intimidating- -i think it 's a good deal 
software pos 899.txt i do n't know what other people are complaining about . i just installed vista ultimate a few days ago and i absolutely love it . no interface lag or any other lag at all . maybe the people complaining have weak or outdated hardware . those people need to turn down their settings if their not going to keep their computers on the cutting edge or at least near it . i 'm glad microsoft is n't waiting for people to catch up and are on the cutting edge . i 'd rather be the one catching up than the other way around . i have a core 2 duo e6300 overclocked to 2.5ghz , 2 gigs of ram , a geforce 7600gt and a western digital raptor x 150g hd and vista ultimate works flawlessly on my computer . it 's not the best computer but it runs flawlessly , i built it myself and all the parts cost me about $850 off the net . i play world of warcraft among some other games and i have n't seen any problems yet with any games or any of the major software i use as of yet . i 've only encountered one problem and that was with my old soundblaster live ! 5.1 sound card which has discontinued support . no big deal , it was about time to get a better one anyway . 
dvd neg 921.txt i was very disappointed with this second edition . my daughter and i loved the first action filled movie and had hoped this would be just as exciting . the movie dragged out for the first half , and just got worse during the second half . i continually kept looking at the clock , wondering when it would be over . we only watched it once , and it will go in the rummage sale later this year 
music pos 103.txt i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! ! 
camera neg 491.txt this camera took some great pictures , and i enjoyed it 's size and functionality for several months . i was sitting in a lawn chair at a barbecue last weekend when i was passing it to a friend who was also seated . the camera fell about 2 feet onto soft grass . the end . the lens assembly is shot , according to my local camera store , not economical to fix . this was about the softest fall a camera could take , and not work , it was like landing on a pillow . i will not buy hp cameras again 
health neg 726.txt i decided to try the caffeine free mega-t because i quit caffeine a couple years ago and did n't want a diet supplement with caffeine . i only needed to lose 10 pounds . took as directed for 1 week . also followed the diet and exercise program per the enclosed pamphlet . after 1 week , to my dismay , i actually gained 3 pounds ! i contacted cca industries , the company that makes mega-t , and they promptly informed me that they have a 30 day guarantee and to return them , along with my receipt , for a refund . i shipped them back yesterday . i gave a 2 star rating because of cca industries ' customer service 
software pos 432.txt i purchased this program simply for the encarta 2007. i was amazed at all of the wonderful features that microsoft put into the package . i feel that anyone in school or not would find this program to be a useful tool in your daily life . enjoy it . 
dvd pos 263.txt this was a subject of much conversation when i was deployed to saudi arabia and it 's still a favorite with most military and civilians in iraq . " ground hog day " is a term used to describe the seemingly endless days that are all the same...until finally , the day comes when the alarm goes off and you wake up realizing it 's the day you leave . the movie is high in entertainment value and the story is unusual and unique ; bill murray was the perfect choice to cast in the lead roll and the supporting cast all played their parts just as well . it 's fun watching the lead character develop and become a new man , and it almost makes me wish we had a piano here . 
books pos 592.txt expect everyone to maintain a peaceful hush as you read this book aloud . a sense of serenity permeates through the words and is perfectly matched by the illustrations . the imagery captures your senses and the story pulls at your heartstrings . grandfather twilight is an endearing character that makes you feel warm and safe . this wonderful book is sure to appeal to all ages ( preschool to an older adult ) . and , it is n't just for bedtime either . 
health neg 328.txt it dose good for the bikini area . however you have to hold it at a back angle for the tweezers to grab the hair properly . it did not work on legs at all . it would pull a few hairs but broke the rest . with out the guard it feels like it is scraping the skin . the tweezers area is so small it would take a week to finish a leg even if it did grab the leg hairs . razor attachment dose not work to my satisfaction . 
dvd neg 826.txt this movie is soooooo boring ! ! ! ! the only thing good about this movie is the superfly soundtrack laced by none other than curtis mayfield ! ! ! avoid this movie . it sucks 
health neg 362.txt this pillow offers no back support when nursing a baby . i bought a brest friend instead . you can attach that pillow to you and focus on helping your baby nurse instead of supporting your babies entire body . pass up the boppy 
books neg 127.txt obviously , from all the reviews , this book appeals to many people . i am not one of them . perhaps it 's because i do n't care for science fiction . i found the writing stilted , the footnotes distracting to the point i stopped bothering with them , the story boring , and the ending ( covered in the introduction ) to be a twilight zone cliche . if , like me , you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed . 
books neg 978.txt & quot ; our attention is the most precious resource we have , & quot ; says shenk . well...i 'm not sure everyone would agree . but this is the way he would like to slice the whole matter of information technology , the media , etc. , etc. , and that 's fine . shenk 's standpoint is amazingly isolated and will make sense only to an elite ensconced in the same high fallutin ' mix of punditry / technology / leisure time he is . information overload , or & quot ; data smog&quot ; as the author terms it , is certainly a relevant and important area to explore , but shenk , in is privileged world , really ca n't nail down what might be so detrimental about it . his examples illustrate just how removed his is from the vast majority of american society : minute-by-minute news reports diluting the quality of info and the ability to sort it , not feeling so apt to respond to your friends ' email because you get too much , the end of patience ? as he represents it in & quot ; the end of patience , & quot ; data smog really ai n't no big woop- -it 's just some tacks on the erogomic seats of a pampered minority into which shenk seems to fit . where 's the politics , i wonder ? how does this trivia fit into the lives of middle americans or working people ? to the point , shenk might benefit from a step or two away from his computer . rubbing shoulders with the common folk might hip him to serious problems like acne or monday night football 
books neg 901.txt i 'm a zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown . two major problems with this worthless book : 1. almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading . 2. i find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes , and thought they were *good* ! most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables . i mean , an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus ? ? 
books neg 490.txt i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of " the hours . " if that 's your motivation , do n't waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf 's motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n't pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n't have the power that " ulysses " has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read " to the lighthouse " . i may still be motivated to read the book version of " the hours " given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now . 
music pos 512.txt we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season . 
software neg 439.txt i always thought the laborious interviews in turbotax were pretty ridiculous , now i 've seen the opposite . taxcut online seems totally not thorough , such as just asking for total of certain things , and not asking if special circumstances apply , which you do n't miss at all until you have one of them . i had almost completely finished my taxes and got to the business use of home . i moved half way through the year . i could n't find where to add an additional home office listing . " nope , ca n't do it " said support after an hour long chat session of mostly waiting , " you 'll have to use another product . " so today i start from scratch and pay the $99 ransom that turbotax is charging small business owners . i encourage the competition to get their shizzle together next year . s : 
health pos 704.txt well , let 's face it..short of any procedure that is invasive ( botox , cosmetic surgery , etc ) , there really isnt any magic cream that is going to reverse the aging process , but there are a number of products that will aid in improving the look , feel and texture of your face . i 've been trying out several of the products out there , and i found " olay total effects night firming cream for face and neck " to be one of the best ones around . i really like this one alot because of the many benefits it has all in one jar . after using it pretty generously for a little over a month ( i 've used about 1 / 2 the jar so far ) , i found it worked wonders on improving the look and feel of my skin . it minimized the appearance of fine lines , really hydrated my dry skin , improving on firmness , absorbed deep into my skin , so using it every night , i could still feel the softness the next morning , and left my face feeling very smooth to the touch . i especially felt and saw visable result around my neck and throat area ( where i am really starting to get that over 50 look ) . it has a nice , very light scent , and here 's the best part.. . the price here at amazon is about 1 / 2 of what i paid when i purchased it along with my groceries at the market ( and it was even on sale at the store ) , so at around twelve dollars here right now , it 's a real bargain . there are 7 benefits listed on the box , some i mentioned above , others include evening skin tone , minimizes the appearance of pores and reduces the appearance of blotches and age spots . give this one a try for any of these aging signs . do n't expect a miracle . the wrinkles will not vanish , but a nice improvement in the look and feel of your skin , a healthy glow that leaves you feeling just a little better about yourself ( and a a great price ) . the formula includes a fast absorbing skin strengthener called vitaniacin ( vit b3 , vit e and pro-vit b5 ) , wheat protein and hydrators . i like it and recommend it.....laurie 
camera neg 422.txt i loved my 4.1mp sony cypershot i got for christmas in 2005. then a few days after christmas in 2006 the screen was getting these fuzzy lines in it . if i would tap the camera they would go away . but then a few days later i was taking pictures and the camera just stopped working . it would turn on but then shut off . i had this problem before with low batteries but i changed them and it still did n't work . it would let me review pictures but not take them and now it wont turn on at all and the lens is stuck out . so many other people have had this exact problem after just one year of use . so sad camera dea 
books neg 190.txt when i purchased this book i expected it would be life from a particular bacteria 's perspective . by this i mean , & quot ; well , today our host started a new antibacterial therapy . the last round of therapy was tough , but we managed to make it through unscathed . i 'm confident we 'll survive . &quot ; unfortunately , what i read was a scientific book written in non-scientific language . as a biology major in college and a medical student now , i 've read many scientific books written in scientific language . so many that they are pretty much all i can relate to anymore . ha ! actually , that statement has more truth in it than i care to admit , but i thought this book would be a nice change of pace . instead , it 's a listing of information about a certain bacterial species that i could have extracted from bergey's . the book is undramatic and uninteresting . i would n't recommend it to anyone 
dvd pos 877.txt in 1987 and 1988 , jim henson 's the storyteller aired and became an instant showpiece for television , a truimphant ( but short-lived ) series breathing fresh life into nine lesser-known northern european fairy tales and , later , into four timeless stories drawn from greek mythology . these old folk and fairy tales , mined from countries such as germany and russia and compiled in 2 discs here , along with the greek tales , are vigorously and appealingly narrated by two storytellers : john hurt for the european fables and michael gambon for the greek re-tellings . but , with much respect to mr. gambon , who himself does a fine job , it is john hurt who decidedly draws my attention . hurt , with the more eye-catching portrayal , is ideal as he inhabits his storytelling character with a gleeful and quirky charm and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes . it does n't hurt that the stories featuring hurt as the host boast clever and sensitive screenplays written by anthony minghella , who , nearly a decade later , would win an oscar for directing the english patient . as such , jim henson 's the storyteller gloriously lives up to its titular billing . john hurt 's performance sparkles with his enchanting delivery as , propelled by his captivating voice and effectively off-kilter mannerisms and abetted by heavy make-up , he evokes a rich verbal miasma which sucks the listener in to his stories . minghella 's screenplays are replete with rich , witty wordplay and evocative descriptives that indeed recall to mind the classic fairy tales with which we grew up . the kids , of course , wo n't have that frame of reference , but , still , watching these episodes , it really does feel as if you 're sitting around the fire , enraptured at the feet of a master spinner of yarns . michael gambon , on the other hand , is burdened with the weightier and grimmer greek tales . thus , he eschews john hurt 's light , ebullient touch , opting instead to display a more proper and somber persona . he 's pretty good , mind you , but , in the final analysis , he ends up lacking a bit of something when compared to john hurt . both hurt and gambon , by the way , are accompanied by the same mangy talking dog ( as operated by brian henson ) . at a half hour per episode , jim henson 's the storyteller is presented in a marriage of live acting , creative animatronics , and surreal and stylishly vivid imagery . jim henson and his crew do a marvelous job with the production values , coming up with excellent special effects ( for its time ) , seamless puppetry , matte paintings , and yeoman make-up work , all to plant the viewer firmly in their fantasy setting . a charming quirk of the series , which adds a nice touch , is the interesting ways the folk tale would continue to make its presence felt during the occasional interludes with the storyteller and his dog . the camera would cut away from the story and focus on our host by the fireplace , but , somewhere in the background , whether it 's on a painting in the back or on the surface of a display jar or cup , images depicting the story are set in motion . pretty neat . the stories themselves are more mature and darker in essence than any kid 's fable we 're used to over here , especially the greek entries , and several carry melancholy and bittersweet overtones ( " the soldier and death , " " the heartless giant " ) . but do n't keep the kids from watching this series ; everyone should get a chance to fall under the spell and feel the power of stories . it does help that most of these tales are little known in the states , thereby giving the viewer a chance to enjoy the unfolding of a fresh story and be actually startled here and there . when was the last time cinderella or beauty and the beast , timeless as they are , offer up anything new ? this is just about as perfect as television shows can get ; the only flaw i can come up with lies in the dvd set as it comes with no special features whatsoever . all the episodes are superb , but if i had to pick the best of the pack , i would definitely go with " hans my hedgehog , " " the soldier and death " and " the three ravens . " with several recognizable name actors lending their talents to this series , jim henson 's the storyteller : the definitive collection truly is a must have dvd set . ************************************************************************** spoilers follow . the nine european fables : " hans my hedgehog " - from an early german folk tale : a barren peasant woman , desperately craving a child , naively says aloud that if she had a baby , she would n't care what it looks like . soon enough , she gives birth to a baby who resembles a hedgehog , much to the father 's dismay and the scorn of the villagers . " fearnot " - from an early german folk tale : a carefree , absent-minded boy who never scares goes on a strange journey to learn fear . though still very good , this may be the weakest episode of the lot . gabrielle anwar has a tiny nonspeaking role . " a story short " - from an early celtic folk tale : the storyteller himself is in the spotlight as he narrates the time he was caught making a fool of the royal cook and , as punishment meted out by the king , must tell one story a day for a year . all goes well until the very last day when the storyteller suffers from storyteller 's block . brenda blethyn has a part . " the luck child " - from an early russian folk tale : seeking to avert a prophecy which foretells of a seventh son of a seventh son of someday supplanting the current king , the unscrupulous monarch seeks out this luck child and attempts to do away with him . but those blessed with luck cannot be undone...and the same could be said for prophecies . the soldier & death " - from an early russian folk tale , this is an awesome story . because of kind acts towards three beggars , an honest soldier returning from war is given a magical sack , a deck of cards , and a nice whistle , which he uses to save a kingdom and to foil death . " the true bride " - from an early german folk tale . shades of aslan ! a white lion comes to the aid of a girl ( jane horrocks , little voice ) being held under the cruel care of a troll . co-starring sean bean . " the three ravens " - from an early german folk tale : a wicked witch ( miranda richardson ) weds a widowed king ( jonathan pryce ) and then , recognizing that the king 's three sons and daughter pose a threat to her ambition , transforms the three sons into ravens . but the princess ( joely richardson ) escapes and is told by her brothers that , unless she remains speechless for three years , three months , and three days , they 'll be trapped in their raven forms forever . " sapsorrow " - from an early german folk tale : this is a variant on cinderella ( or is it the other way around ? ) as a beautiful princess ( the unimpressive alison doody ) , seeking to escape an arranged marriage , flees to a distant kingdom and disguises herself as a loathsome hag . but , then , she falls in love with the prince...co-starring jennifer saunders . " the heartless giant " - from an early german folk tale : on the whole , giants are benign creatures , harmless to none , unless , of course , the giant has n't a heart . this story is about a curious prince who is fooled into freeing one such heartless giant from the king 's dungeon.. . the greek myths : " daedalus and icarus " - the inventor daedalus and his son icarus flee from the wicked king minos with the aid of daedalus 's man-made wings , but will icarus heed his father 's advice ? i 'm guessing , not . " orpheus and eurydice " - the musician orpheus descends to hades to bring back his dead wife . " perseus and the gorgon " - the hero perseus faces the gorgon , medusa . " theseus and the minotaur " - it 's theseus , with some help from a beautiful princess , versus the savage minotaur , half-man , half-bull . 
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
health neg 123.txt i was looking forward to get the massager , which i was for a while searching . but i regret to inform you that i could use this item for only 2 times @ 15 minutes . after the it did n't work . ( the light on the adapter do not work ) i 'm glad that i can express this . 
camera neg 720.txt we returned this video camera due to video picture quality . the camera requires a lot of light to have a decent video , even after changing settings , the video had a " grainy " look . we just needed something basic to replace our 10 year old video camera and thought this would work , but the picture was worse than our previous camera . purchased the pv-gs65 , next model up with 3ccd 's and love this model . as a matter a fact we still had the gs-31 , used the same tape , shot the same footage , and reviewing the two different shots , the gs-65 did 100% better . the camera has a great feel in your hand , although the menu button can be difficult to press 
dvd neg 19.txt the quality of the dvd 's was good . however i did not like the third season as well as the first two seasons . it seemed that the story was setting up for season 4. 
health neg 380.txt this grinder was recommended to me , but i have to say i find it frustrating to use . juice leaks out the bottom when grinding steamed vegetables or juicy fruit , and grinding some things ( e.g. , green beans ) takes a lot of force . while the price is fine , the high cost of " shipping and handling " to purchase one unit made me angry ; had i noticed before i bought it , i would n't have ! since then i 've noticed that this is sold at most local grocery stores 
camera pos 307.txt i 've had this camera for about 1 1 / 2 years now and it 's been a tried and true companion . i 've easily taken over 10 , 000 shots with it and produced some really exceptional photographs . the features that really set this camera apart are the 12x zoom , the image stabilization ( a must with such a large zoom ) , and the rotating screen ( great if you want to take a picture of yourself : ) ) . i also love the macro mode , i 've gotten some great quality close-ups . for most situations you can just stick it in auto mode and get great results , but the different scene modes are fun to play with as well . performs extremely well outdoors - - wildlife , sports , landscape , beach , etc. my only real complaint is its performance in low-light situations . pictures are grainy and the camera is very slow to respond , sometimes not responding at all . also it can eat through batteries fairly quickly - - regular aa batteries lasted me about 2.5 hours of continuous shooting ( around 200 pictures ) or less if i was shooting in cold weather . i would definately recommend rechargable batteries . overall i 've really enjoyed this camera . i 've used and abused it and apart from low-light situations ( which i was rarely in anyway ) it never let me down . both my grandmother and my great aunt bought one within the past 6 months and they rave about it 
books pos 397.txt this was the first roberts novel i read . words cannot describe how much i enjoyed it . i 've read and / or listened to 50 since . you ca n't go wrong . her storys are original , her characters are strong and well developed . 
books pos 567.txt americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment 
software neg 711.txt once again quickbooks dangles promises to us mac folk that just do n't add up . if you 're like me , your accountant and bookkeeper are on windoz - that 's why i was psyched when i thought i would really be able to share my mac qb files with them , and vice-versa . mistake #1 - i give my bookkeeper a backup from qb 2006 before i updated to 2007. big mistake . qb is not backward compatable . so when my bookkeper sent the file back to me in mac format , ( after spending hours updating it ) , i was not able to import it into qb 2007. to me , this is nuts . but the helpful tech person we spoke with , suggested that even if it had been ' 07 this sharing business between mac and windows versions is sort of a one time deal . this was n't intended to be a back and forth thing , between mac and windows . huh ? so what 's the point ? here 's my work-around : i bought a used xp box on ebay and am trading my mac ' 07 for windoz ' 07. 
software neg 123.txt 3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry 
dvd pos 145.txt it 's strange ; this just came on fx , and once it was on , i was compelled to stay up and watch the whole thing , even though i 've already seen it ( in the theatres during its initial release run ) , and it cost me sleep to watch it all the way through this time around . even for all of the bad press that this movie got , and all of the disgruntled viewers who were expecting another horror , this truly is one of my favorites from m. night shyamalan - this , along with " lady in the water " ( another must have for me ) , is a movie that i feel compelled to add to my collection . as the other reviewers state , it 's not truly scary , but more a suspenseful film , as i actually find all of shyamalan 's movies to be . in my humble opinion , he 's not trying to provide movies best-suited to halloween scare-fest marathons , but movies that are suspenseful and thought-provoking . as annoying as some of his ticks may be to some viewers , there 's thought put into each of his films , unlike stupid wastes of celluloid like " hostel " and those damned " saw " movies ( enough , already ) ! at least after seeing this in the theatre , i felt that i 'd gotten my money 's worth for the ticket price , and this is definitely a movie that i feel i could watch repeatedly . in my opinion , the social commentary and romantic aspects only add to the viewing experience provided by this film . do n't buy this if you 're looking for a horror like " the exorcist " - if that 's what you want , buy and watch " the exorcist " . if you 're looking for a film with twists and turns that tie in to a somewhat deeper meaning , and will have you nodding your head in agreement with the way things play out on screen , buy this movie . even if you know what happens in the end , i 'm sure you 'll find yourself wanting to watch it again over time 
camera pos 988.txt love my new jvc everio . the original model just used compact flash cards , but the new everio gz uses an ipod like hard drive that lets you store a year 's worth of video on it ! tape is definitely dead , and dvd camcorder 's 30 mintues a disc does n't hold a candle to the everio . the only issue i had was that the software that come with it was pretty basic , but all the other video editing software programs did n't recognize the everio video files ( .mod files which contain mpeg2 video and dolby stereo audio ) . i did finally find adobe premiere elements 2.0 which supports this new file type natively . it has made editing a breeze . 
health neg 235.txt razor works great but it 's easier to open it and run water over it to clean because the cradle does n't get all the hair out 
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic ! 
music neg 771.txt i am a huge atl fan . black mafia 4 life , know what i mean . i waited a long time for this release , and it was painful to listen to . it just seemed to lack direction . it might be said that this album ( an independent record label ) was so bad , that it ended their careers . too bad , i loved atl . 
health neg 689.txt after one year of owning this scale i replaced the batteries and it stopped working 
camera neg 847.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
camera neg 621.txt the scd6550 is a great idea , but just does n't preform as i had hoped . i was looking for one camera to take on vacation , replacing carrying a 2 year old sony minidv and a 5 mp sony cybershot . my sony takes 1 mp stills , has excellent video , but @ 1mp , the stills are not nearly print worthy . this camera is actually smaller and lighter than my sony . the 5mp still camera function gave excellent results , both with flash and with natural light and outside . shot for shot it produced either as good or better prints ( 4x6 ) than the sony cybershot . digital video is this unit 's short coming . i did identical shots inside and outside with the sony and samsung . the samsung 's video quality was very poor , looked more like analog or standard 8mm quality . inside , with natural room lighting , it was pretty much unacceptable . outside , the shots lacked the crispiness of the sony . i took it back , will keep the sony 's and hope that sony comes out with a greater than 2 or 3 mp model soon 
books pos 478.txt i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him . 
books pos 84.txt left for dead by her kidnappers , lore is found by the mysterious woman spanner , who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime . the two become lovers , but lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds ( her past with her family , her weeks with the kidnappers ) , so she leaves , taking a new identity , and tries to fit in . ultimately , lore cannot run from her demons forever , and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past . set in the not-so-distant future , & quot ; slow river&quot ; weaves lore 's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale . at the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse , and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details . & quot ; slow river&quot ; is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it 's placed : it 's more than a science fiction story , more than a coming-of-age story , more than a lesbian love story , more than a story of healing from abuse . this is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction 
music neg 359.txt this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself . 
software neg 212.txt microsoft office can be handy to have . the files you can open , edit and create with it ( most notably .doc , .xls , and .ppt ) are probably the closest to universal compatibility among all your high quality options . it 's ( relatively ) intuitive . it has a pretty broad array of useful functions . it 's also obscenely expensive , considering the fact that you can get all of these things - - .doc , .xls , and .ppt ; intuitive interface ; and functionality - - for free . i hunted up openoffice two years ago when i decided several hundred dollars was an insane price to pay for the ability to write papers , make basic presentations , or put together spreadsheets . i was looking for basic functionality , but i was pleasantly surprised ; openoffice does most of the neat tricks , too . ( actually , it has a neat trick microsoft can never replicate : it 's open source , so it can respond to the needs of individual users . you just say " add this neat trick ! " and someone will likely be able to do it for you . ) it is possible that microsoft office has some killer feature you absolutely must have that openoffice doesn't . but considering the price differential , i would n't splurge on this before checking . 
dvd neg 394.txt sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs ! 
dvd neg 125.txt she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break 
books neg 345.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
camera pos 690.txt i really wanted a 3ccd model , but since i 'm just starting out and need to buy other stuff , like a tripod , monopod , media , firewire adapter card , camera bag , etc. this fits the budget nicely and it is compact enough to carry it anywhere . yes the usb connection does work , yes firewire does work , although it took me a minute to figure out that a connection problem was the fault of the video software version i was using , not the fault of the camera 
software pos 318.txt i remember the first time i used wordperfect , and the first time i used microsoft word . i could n't imagine why anyone would choose the vastly inferior word over wordperfect . years passed , and now i find myself using ms word every day . i 'd been ground down by the thousands of word users who 'd picked it up along with powerpoint and excel , and who did n't have enough savvy to know how to convert documents from one format to another . wordperfect _always_ converted msword docs . msword never reciprocated . should n't that have told them which program had a mandate to make the customer 's life that much easier ? with each successive iteration , wordperfect introduced some new innovation , and in the next incarnation , microsoft aped it . it got to the point where users would nod appreciatively at the innovation , then wait the inevitable year-long interval for microsoft to catch up , and then they 'd buy that . well , due to an outrageously fair price point and multiuser license , i tried wordperfect x3 , and it was like coming home . it 's nothing short of amazing . i went out and bought a copy for my parents , and they love it , too . now my brother , an attorney , has asked me to buy him a copy , since so many of the federal prosecutors he works with have wordperfect only , and ca n't seem to open his word files . the more things change , the more they stay the same 
dvd pos 993.txt " the petrified forest " is a filmed version of the 1935 broadway smash . the play starred leslie howard and humphrey bogart and their stage performances were preserved when warner brothers bought the play to the screen in late 1935. the addition of bette davis made good box office sense as she was beginning to hit her stride and was reteamed with howard after their earlier matching in " of human bondage " . the film is set in the arizona desert . a killer on the run holds up in a road house taking hostage a group of people there . the play has a few things to say about " the meaning of life " with the juxtaposition of outcast wanderer and intellectual alan squier played by leslie howard and vicious gangster duke mantee played by humphrey bogart . the morality is fairly corny now and most of it is contained in the dialogue of leslie howard but he delivers it superbly so it still has some resonance . the film was a breakthrough for bogart but his performance is too theatrical for my liking . davis is a revelation acting with a simplicity and freshness which is almost unique in her career . she is also very well photographed by sol polito and her big eyes glow . the dvd print is excellent and a lot of extras are included , including an expert and very detailed commentary about the film , a terrible vitaphone short with the absurd toby wing and a funny cartoon about the cocoanut grove . the radio performance included is almost unintelligible with a very poor tyrone power in howard 's role . the dvd is excellent value especially if it is purchased as part of the warners gangster collection . 
dvd neg 954.txt if the girls in this film were considered " hot " back in 1979 then i 'm glad i was still in preschool . some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who cannot get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s. which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie . the goal of the h.o.t.s. girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw " wild " parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc. the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive . if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s. girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $800 million in dvd sales . i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude 
camera neg 10.txt they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... . 
dvd neg 920.txt again , another interesting pop-corn director that makes a couple of good low budget films and when hollywood gives to him a free hand ( or not so much ) things go wrong . is not funny , wilson and stiller are n't interesting enough and the 70 's is n't a good decade to crave for . with this kind of films , is useful to listen to american critics , they know more about their own culture than us 
camera pos 523.txt picked mine up used on ebay for $180. with the growth of the vr market everyone is dumping there old lenses . you can get a used one for a great price . this lens is great for the serious amatuer . i have taken some incredible pictures with this lens . the autofocus is a little slow and i have heard people complain about softness on the high end but i have a photo blown up to 20 x 17 taken from my d70 at 300mm . of course i shoot the photo on a tripod... . i have not experienced the softnes 
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory 
dvd pos 487.txt arturo bandini ( colin farrell ) arrives from colorado to los angeles . he is an aspiring writer who is getting down to his last nickel . he prays for inspiration to find another interesting story to write . he meets a mexican waitress , camilla ( salma hayek ) in a cafe and they just do n't like each other , or do they ? finally auturo hits the mother lode . a letter he wrote has been changed into a short story for publishing along with a handsome paycheck . it is just enough for him to buy a new suit outfit , a few suppers and pay the rent for a while . arturo is a very well mannered man , but keeps meeting these strange characters that get him all wrong . plays like film noir . the cinematography of 1934 los angeles is wonderful . colin farrell and salma hayek in the moonlit ocean was breathtaking . colin farrell perfected his american accent . very tastefully down skinny-dipping scenes and beautiful to watch . ah ! give colin a break . the water was cold . dvd includes audio commentary , making of.. . , theatrical trailer 
dvd pos 369.txt simply the most entertaining mockumentary / film i 've seen in years and one of the best ever . the dvd is packed full of extras and outtakes so the fun lasts much longer than you 'd expect . jenna fischer is brilliant and james gunn is hilarious . you just have to buy it to understand 
music pos 568.txt while nothing in the film works very well except perhaps the chemistry between travolta and stowe , the sublime soundtrack is another story . descriptions such as " haunting " and " soul moving " are right on the money , one might also add ineffable to the list . 
dvd neg 599.txt this is a godawful movie , a waste of several million bucks by universal and whoever else was responsible . they could have paid my salary for my entire career for what it cost them to make this moronic notion to capitalize on what some executive must have decided was the " sexy " health club craze of the 80s . actors doing calisthenics in tights do not a feature film make . lucas or spielberg or a mailroom clerk could have told them so . 
camera neg 865.txt i bought this over the sony and i regret it . i get a tape eject error every time i try to rewind . i can only rewind at 10 second intervals before i get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . that 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . many canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . i will never buy canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem 
software neg 257.txt talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk ! 
books neg 836.txt two huge problems with this book . one , this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and " traveling and learning " when they already know his identity , so i guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass . two , the city of los angeles functions as a character in kellerman 's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels . this thing drags on in some unnamed , nondescript city 
music pos 198.txt this cd is perfect for driving . the downtempo / beat driven ambient feel and overall togetherness of this cd is a perfect choice for easy electronic listening . overall very pleased with mr. schnauss ' contribution to the genre . highly reccomende 
health neg 182.txt it made my skin very dry and break out because of it . my floormate had the same reaction . we were both very disappointed . i recommend going for vitaclear which i tried before this product and is less expensive than proactiv although it is a little more expensive than this . 
dvd pos 625.txt for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. . 
camera neg 894.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
books pos 224.txt my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department 
camera neg 988.txt the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck 
camera neg 867.txt i bought this item as a gift , and it ended up becoming mine . i have to say , i am greatly dissatisfied . here are some main issues i am having with the camera : 1. it is very poorly designed . the look and the feel of the camera are not elegant . buttons are really ugly , and operating the camera is awkward , and for some functions requires both hands to operate. . 2. the camera has been having issues with turning on and off occasionally . 3. the worst , by far , is the picture quality . colors are just plain terrible . automatic settings are a disaster of photography . i have used a canon ( 2mp ) before getting this one ( 5mp ) . the canon was far superior in quality , colors , lighting. . i do n't need large files of trash , i am perfectly fine with smaller files with great pictures . as a result , i am strongly recommending getting a different camera . i have had great experiences with canon ; and seems like sony and nikon are doind a good job too . but hp must stop making cameras , and indeed many other devices . 
music neg 280.txt who the **ck are gnr ? ? plus they make awful music ! i ca n't stand this annyoing album . the music is awful , so as the lyrics . there is not one good song on this piece of s**t . it is a album that contains 12 crappy songs . axl rose is a very annoying lead singer just screams and sings horribly , and slash is terrible too . in the way stay away from this as well as gnrs other albums . leave gnr alone....gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks . i recommend buy these albums insted . foreigner 4 love over gold-dire straits on every street-dire straits combat rock-the clash how to dismantle an atomic bomb-u2 american idiot-green day animal magnetism-scorpions load-metallica reload-metallica and justice for all-metallica master of puppets-metallica ride the lightning-metallica self title black album-metallica past masters vol 2-beatles physical graffiti-led zeppelin some girls-the rolling stones greatest hits-neil young the last dj-tom petty -gnr are as bad as pink floyd , pearl jam , nirvana , and ac / dc . avoid all albums from those bands . 
books neg 825.txt i love how many people like to say that lawrence walsh was a republican . funny . he was an eisenhower republican worlds removed from the conservative movement . and let 's face it : he stink bombed george h.w. bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when bush was gaining ground on clinton . i 'm not saying bush would have won if walsh had n't indicted caspar weinberger on the friday before the election , but walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for bush . bush got him back , of course , by pardoning weinberger on christmas eve , 1992. the beginning of the book was interesting to say the least . as it wore on , however , it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about republicans . let 's face it : people in power tend to be corrupt . they have protection the rest of us do n't have . this was n't just true about reagan and bush ; it 's true about clinton and whoever you wish to name . about halfway through the book , walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was vp at the time , ghw bush . i also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least . i guess when you ca n't beat a guy at the ballot box , you impeach him or at least try to . right ? not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside . 
books pos 143.txt the book is really thorough when it comes to showing how to do proper lifting techniques with the kettlebell in different variations.it 's great for a beginner who is starting out . 
music pos 370.txt this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans . 
software pos 865.txt i am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product i am very satisfied . i love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . i have only used it for a month now and i still have to use some of the applications yet . if you have the money and will love to have a new office suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it 
dvd pos 457.txt my kids really did learn a lot from this movie , i would recommend it when your child is trying to learn to go on the potty 
music pos 342.txt so , incubus rocks no matter who you are or which of their albums is your favorite . plainly put , this album was not my favorite of theirs . it 's good . it 's really good . but if you 're expecting incubus good , you 'll be slightly disappointed 
camera pos 169.txt i wish i 'd bought this a loooong time ago ! it is so helpful , esp . with macro shots . highly recommend 
music neg 592.txt do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced . 
camera pos 984.txt this is panasonic 's entry-level camcorder , but it 's packed with useful features , like good image quality , 12 lux sensitivity , and a whopping 30x optical zoom . i think it 's perfect for casual travel videography as well as for shooting entries to the " america 's funniest video " show . it 's fairly easy to use and the build quality is solid . a good optional accessory to get is a spare battery . you never know if the battery might run out at the most inopportune time , so be sure to pick up a backup one . given the recent dell recall of 4.1 million laptops due to battery fire , you should get a genuine panasonic liion battery designd specifically for this model . do n't put your life or your loved one 's at risk . the reviewer named " hung " got it totally wrong ( or was just plain lying ) . the gs29 does come with ieee1394 firewire ( aka i.link ) so you can download your videos quickly to your pc ; if your pc does n't already have an ieee1394 port , you can get a pci ieee1394 card for $30 or less . you can use windows movie maker , included with windows me and xp , to edit your videos and export them to cds or dvds . 
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine . 
music pos 932.txt did you lose interest in new rock in the past several years because all those loud songs on the fm station sound about the same ? maybe you noticed one song in there somewhere that had memorable hooks and interesting lyrics among the crunching guitars ? the libertines are - or at least were - one of those diamonds in the rough . their raw , loud style is closer to punk than any other genre , but most of their songs are more well-developed than that suggests and might even appeal to classic rock fans . make no mistake , though , this is a loud album . with the exception of the oddly balladish " radio america , " it 's a pretty steady sonic assault , and the lyrics are mostly somewhere between " louie louie " and live dylan on the intelligibility scale . what can be understood is more erudite than you 'd expect , though . " what a waster " is a frighteningly vivid look at drug addiction , " boys in the band " is the best groupie song i 've heard in a long time , and " the good old days " actually reveals a touch of sentimentality just under the power chords . decipherable or not , most of the other songs are at least very catchy . the whole collection is a nice balance between aggressive style and memorable songs that has been all too lacking for a long time now . 
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole 
camera pos 109.txt i 've bought several lenses from adorama , two of which include a new 300 / 2.8 is and the other , this 500 / 4 is . all of their deliveries were prompt and well packed . i have zero complaints with them . i dealt the john ( green , i think is his last name ) via email . i highly recommend them . as for this lens , it is incredible . wide open it creates a wickedly sharp subject against a wonderfully soft background ( good bokeh ) . af is very fast . this lens is extremely good and will still af when used with the 1.4x converter . ( af works up to f5.6. 
software pos 39.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes . 
camera pos 22.txt i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer . 
health neg 951.txt i bought this for my husband and son and was not even able to give one hair cut . it pulled the hair , and did n't cut well . my husband kept complaining that it hurt and was pulling . since i could n't finish , i had to use our old clippers to get the job done . this was so disappointing , but i guess you get what you pay for . 
music neg 405.txt their basically what would happen if you took p.o.d 's lyrics , and then added boring 1 chord riffs repeated throughout the whole song followed by the singer screaming the top of his head off about god and self-loathing in a noise-bleed inducing pre-pubescent girl voice , so you have a band so bad it makes god himself want to commit suicide . the song titles are also annoyingly bad , obviously made so they sound artistically genius ( but instead monotonous ) . and to everyone who thinks these guys are metal , they deserve to be buried alive . metal is fear factory , lamb of god , in flames , and arch enemy . these guys are about as metal as maroon 5. 
music pos 427.txt the slowed down almost spoken version of downpressor man nearly makes it worth the purchase price alone . sure i 've got most of the tracks on other tosh collections , but these recordings are excellent variants 
software neg 848.txt the reviews of this software are a bit harsh , but pretty much true . it slow , is a resource hog , does n't really like to share the machine with other applications . support is bad , email transfer to move it to another system just plain does n't work and it is really hard to make a complete backup with all of your attachments . and - windows vista support is really limited . that said , if you have a really fast machine it does work well and has features i use every day that i ca n't get anywhere else . you can save any email as a history record attached to the sender or any other person in your contact database . these attachments are copies so they stay with the database even if you purge your email ( which is nice ) . email client is simple , but because it is n't outlook - i have personally been almost completely unaffected by worms , virus and other email hazards that have over the years affected most ms outlook users . this is a feature that has saved me more time than the hassles in the first paragraph . the program runs smoothly for me but , i have a core 2 duo 7200 with 2 gigabytes of ram . just about the fastest processor you can get . i think without the maximum processor and memory you will have delays and slooow loading times . one more issue you might have is making backups . since it uses a sql database that is open whenever sql server is running , a normal backup program might not be able to backup the database file . you need to stop the service first . this is a hassle that if you do n't know about you might be setting yourself up for disaster . 
camera neg 99.txt wow.. . now if you really want to see a rip-off , here it is . not to be damaging to amazon.com but hey for the 50mm just get some carboard and tape it to the front to shield it from the sun . the hood is definitely not worth it 
camera neg 336.txt i am a nikon fan i have nikon 6t and nikon d50. but about coolpix 4600 : all picutures are always blurred or atleast fuzzy . it somehow take decent photos of face and buildings ( if they have strong straight edges / stripes ) 
music pos 689.txt when i bought this cd it was for a little bit of nostalgia - those were the days . since playing it once when it blew me away with the tracks and the memories , i have played it so often that if it were vinyl it would be worn out by now . if you liked mary hopkins then this is a fantastic selection of her music and well worth a place in your collection 
camera neg 975.txt this is a nice looking brown suede camera case . based on all the stylus models listed , i assumed my olympic stylus 595 would fit in it but , unfortunately , it does not . 
camera pos 313.txt this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a " loaner " while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d . 
dvd neg 413.txt for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy ' the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy ' death&rebirth' . buy ' the end of evangelion ' instead 
music neg 154.txt after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd 
camera pos 751.txt camera has good features and decent battery life for a " regular " camera . for those of you who do n't need a special camera and just want something that can take decent pictures . this is a good one . i like it 
books neg 172.txt at least this author mentions the " mockery " strategy martha / mdiddy tried to use to " fog " the public . the " real issue " of whether martha / mdiddy committed the crimes , and lack of an effort to encourage an answer to the question " did martha stewart " lie , demonstrates some complacency . is it this complacency martha / mdiddy and her pr team try to encourage and promote ? is it the " greyness " of white-collar crime that martha / mdiddy was trying to play on ? is society the ultimate judge about a person 's guilt or innocence ? if so , what has martha / mdiddy been judged ? be " thoughtful " ~shaw 
software neg 14.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right . 
software neg 529.txt this is the worst software i bought . first , it cost $100 and mcafee did not honor the $55 rebate because i sent the rebate form a little late . they had only 15 days to send out after purchase while compusa receipt has much longer deadline to send our rebate form . is n't that kind of trick ? second and most important , it slowed down everything , not a bit but by dozens of seconds or even more than 1 minute . third , the speed is not only the problem , its wireless connection sucks to the maximum and a couple of my machines ca n't get online and ca n't connect to the network . i have 3 pcs and 1 laptop . only two machine can get connected . it also conflicts with belkin network card driver which has been so popular for so many years . how the hell mcafee did not know that adaptor ? fourth , there is no manual whattsover and you have to all figure that out yourself . given it has so much problem it 's very frustrating to configure it . sometimes the security center is downloading forever . who the hell knows what it is doing . sucks . i had spent so much time to fine tune it and it still sucks that much . i changed back to internet security suite which is much better than this . do n't buy it even they give it to you free or you will break the disk . 
camera neg 15.txt as a professional photographer , i find myself going through 5-6 of these cords each year . my equipment is my livelyhood and although it is used often , i am exceptionally careful with all of my gear and do not bang it around or abuse it . i use a stroboframe which makes it necessary to use this cord to raise the flash well above the focal plane of the camera . these cords are very expensive to get just a few months out of them . eventually , the hot shoe connector will either become loose and the connection will no longer function or the plastic connector will break and your flash unit will fall to the ground . ( this has happened twice to me and fortunately i was able to catch the flash unit ! ) the cord is indespensible if you need it , but contact canon usa and ask them to reengineer this cord or expect to replace them every few months 
dvd neg 890.txt i actually saw this movie when it first came out , and was so blown away by robert downey jr 's performance ( he was just starting out on his illustrious , if self-destructive career ) that i did n't notice much else about the movie , certainly not jami gertz or andrew mccarthy who are as close to being ciphers as it 's possible to have on the big screen . ( the adults in the film are as cipheresque as the kids , so there is no real dramatic interest there - - we have only the kids , and their interactions with drugs , the party scene , and each other . ) seeing it again 25 years later , well ...downey 's performance still holds up , but the rest of the movie is less than zero ( sorry ) . the director is so absorbed with staging endless party scenes ( unintentionally hilarious in their excesses ) that he forgets to give the main characters anything interesting to do , and they never develop into anyone we care about . the final scene , with mccarthy and gertz sitting forlornly in a cemetery , has no emotional payoff whatever- - mccarthy says come with me to the east coast , gertz responds yes , i 'll go with you , and the viewer says , " thank god , that means the movie 's over . " finally , james spader does n't play a real character either , but as other reviewers have noted , he is interestingly slimy as the chief bad guy . glad to see he 's still getting work , in a fairly interesting role on " boston legal " . 
dvd pos 601.txt scratching deeper beyond the surface one can find return of the seven to be significantly different from its predecessor , the magnificent seven . it is much more than a thematically framed sequel which it can easily be mistaken for . return of the seven is a dark film and it does not offer the hope of a truly optimistic future for any of its characters . in this respect it is a complete inversion of the magnificent seven . through their catharsis in the original we saw an attempt at redemption through an act of nobility on the part of the seven . they truly were noble and i believe were redeemed for their transgressions as gunmen . some thought they could start their lives over again but inevitably they could not . that film had to end as it did with the seven ultimately all committed to their singular code of ethics and morality in an emotionally charged finale . in this film there is very little emotion on the surface . instead director burt kennedy gives us a thought provoking study into the human psyche and the very nature of defeatism of the human spirit . in this film there are no pretensions on the part of the seven . for most of them this is just another gun job . there are no higher aspirations that they are cognizant of . if it were not this job , it would be the next . to tell his story burt kennedy focuses almost entirely on the character of chris the leader , perfectly portrayed again by yul brynner . this is not really a tale of the seven . instead kennedy uses brynner with all his aplomb and apparent stoicism to curiously examine and probe the motivations of the other six , lorca the villain ( pompously played by mexican director emilio fernandez ) and several other key characters . in effect kennedy takes what was apparently a happy or satisfactory ending from the magnificent seven and asks what if . what if 10 years later the remaining characters are not so contented as prior events led us to believe they would be ? would friends be willing go up against innumerable odds ? would strangers once again sign on to go up against those same innumerable odds ? do the strong still have to help the weak ? and who really are the strong and the weak ? when 50 or more marauding vaqueros whisk away chico ( julian mateos ) and other mexican farmers from surrounding villages chris and vin ( robert fuller ) agree to come to his aid . however it is chris alone that recruits the members of the " seven " this time out . kennedy singularly endows chris a sense of morality and level headedness in this film that comes from his wisdom and manner of nobility . in effect this is brynner 's film all the way . just as john sturges ' directorial style was so smooth that his own storytelling glossed right over the depth and complexity of his own work so is burt kennedy's . however , kennedy is challenged with a very dark and brooding tale to tell . where sturges ' the magnificent seven could easily have been taken on a purely action film level and still been successful , kennedy does not have that luxury . kennedy has to deliver an action film built on previous events and he also has to approach the story from a different perspective to remain fresh yet keep it thematically to the concept of the original " seven . " not an easy task ! if the viewer does not look deeply into this film it may just appear as a well produced ` dud . ' however , i believe kennedy succeeds far beyond expectations the more times i view this film . again it comes back to brynner . he makes members of the seven ( vin , chico and colbee ) all come to realizations about themselves with his subtle yet profound dialogue . he gives riker and luis a chance at redemption even though both men come from total opposites of the spectrum . he helps the failed priest rise from his failures " at least as far as his knees . " chris even gives lorca , the villain a chance to ride out because when chris was younger he gave him the same chance . however , chris refuses to let lorca now bathe his personal grief as an ineffectual father " in other men 's blood . " yet even lorca is literally redeemed by the end of the film . when petra tells chris that the farmers will never forget them he simply replies , " that 's all a man can ask . " that is the mystique and legacy of the " seven . " even the character of chris is endowed with human flaws . he recklessly took on the young manuel rounding out the seven " for luck " with tragic results and we see brynner deeply grieved on the screen . this is a film of hard lessons learned . technically this is a well-made film . the cinematography is full of crane , dolly and tracking shots , which gives it both perspective and movement . bernstein 's score is full and lush and this is the single cohesive element that keeps the seven together . the set designs are dark , grim and rustic giving the film a pensive psychological depth . the payoff for brynner and the viewer comes in the final shot . looking at the farmers rebuilding the village he comments , " i 'll be damned . " vin looks at him and responds , " i doubt that . i doubt that very much . " they both ride off . they just do n't make heroes like that any more 
books pos 980.txt sadly , as a rule , i have no great interest in history . but ms. behrman 's approach brings the person of thomas jefferson to life in a way that appeals to all ages . she puts personality and emotion into her writing which makes potentially dull facts , dates and events brim with energy . this is a wonderful series and she does it justice in every way 
books pos 422.txt great book ; it get 's you thinking . my kids arre almost out of the nest and they are all i could ask for . yes , i worked . but not until they were in school , almost always part time and i did not use ' working ' as an excuse to not volunteer at school , sports , and generally be in my kids lives . the point is really about your priorities . do you instinctively put your kids needs first ? it 's been interesting to see how things have worked out with families in our area . we have a large group of kids who have been together since kindergarten ; now they are seniors . you can instantly tell which parents were connected , involved and had their priorities straight . not all of them stayed home the whole time . on and off i used to listen to dr. laura , frequently agreeing , but many times not . what i love is that she has an unpopular point of view and she 's not going to let social , financial , or industry pressure dilute her message . yes , she 's frequently abrasive ; so were many people who have made an impact in the course of events in this world . if you are a parent with young children read the book at least it will give you important ideas to agree or disagree with . 
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one 
camera neg 800.txt amazon sent me an email asking me to write a review of this product . usually i like to have actually used the product before writing a review , but since i have n't received it yet , that is not possible . it has been over 1 month since i ordered this with the crutchfield storefront at amazon.com . amazon 's site indicated the product was in stock , but since ordering , it has been placed on back order twice and expected to ship in a few days from now . i just wonder how it could take so long to get a product from manufacturer to end user . i do n't know where this is manufactured , or who crutchfield 's supplier is , but needless to say i am not entirely pleased with this whole process.. . which does n't really have anything to do with amazon . i hear dv cable does it 's job , but i 'll have to wait and see 
camera pos 8.txt the controls are a little complicated to get used to , especially the all-manual settings - - which should by definition be easy to use - - but overall this camera is very rugged and very capable . after i bought it , i took the d10 to budapest , hungary . i had a great view of the danube and set my camera up for night shots . it did a brilliant job . how about this : take a digital night shot ( use the largest image size possible ) , use a 300mm lense and blow the results up to 24x30 through shutterfly.com . image remained amazingly sharp . colors were fantastic . the camera made it easy to look like a pro . the only gripe i have with this camera is that i wish it had a black and white setting like other less expensive canon digitals , but this can be overcome with software so it 's not a huge issue . the price is great , it has a magnesium body ( vs. the rebel 's plastic body ) . you get a lot of the d1 / d20 / d30 , without the cost 
camera pos 487.txt i am totally satisfied with product features . for me still it 's better than any available product from other company in this segment . i ranked this product 4 because it manual dial malfunction very often . if i select album mode it still thinks to be in snapshot mode and vice-versa . it 's out of guarantee and i 'll hv to live with it . anyway there are many products present in market in this series to go with like w50 or something like that 
software neg 739.txt when converting my 2005 data over to 2006 version it lost all of my time data . i have to rebuild my datafile just to use the check register now . also the new program will not allow me to add a vendor or a customer . i 've had to change names and addresses of obsolete customers and vendors just to add new ones . intuit 's support sucks and cannot seem to resolve my problems . i have two copies on two different computers and am having the same problems with my data file on each computer . my recommendation is if you are using the 2005 version , and do n't need tax tables , do n't mess with 2006 version . it has literally cost me thousands of dollars of my time trying to work out the bugs on my own 
software pos 764.txt i 'm very impressed with how non intrusive this software is . i used norton for approximately 5 years before i changed to bit defender . i did n't realize how bogged down my system was until i made the change . the system scan is very quick ( approx . 8-10 minutes in comparison to 20-25 minutes from norton ) . i do n't even notice when the software is updating . i 'm very pleased with the program thus far and i highly recommend it 
music pos 526.txt the title track is one of the best country songs ever performed proving the talents of hank as a true caftsman when it comes to song writing . fitting that category as well are outlaw women , and women i 've never had . hank also lends his southern rockin ' style to white lightnin ' written by j.p. richardson a.k.a. the big bopper . what bocephus album would be complete without at least one tribute to his father ? hank serves up a whopper here along with waylon jennings in a classic called the conversation . in a time , much like today , when country was straying from it 's roots hank finds a way to keep the southern bluesy traditions alive on all ten cuts of this must have country album 
camera neg 251.txt with this pup it is simple to record video or images and almost impossible to download them successfully ! in standard mode , the playback of video is anything but smooth . looks like an old time movie . the software could best be described as , " user hostile " . i have n't been able to download any videos without getting an error message before the transfer is complete . the normal video is n't as good as my dv camcorders and downright sad indoors . the photo portion is slightly better than my cell phone ( a pocket pc ) . still pictures have n't downloaded successfully either ( approximately 11 out of 185 have made it across the wire before error messages start interrupting the transfer ) . it 's a handy size and easy to operate . after you 're done recording you 'll likely spend a lot of time with the manual ( i have ) and then you start getting frustrated . if i could return it , i would 
health pos 64.txt i still have ther original blackmans shaver purchased in 1977 it still works ! this one works even better i have tried other remington shavers over the years the 850 9300 and the 9500 none of them worked as well as the first one untill now ! i found that by shaving in small circular motion as you move along your face you wo n't need williams lectric shave as i had with the other razors and it 's much easier to claen ! now if the just keep making replacement baldes i will be very happy for a long time 
dvd pos 786.txt this is a great collection . i can remember every saturday morning glued in front of the tv waiting for this show to come on . it 's truly a great dvd that not only i can enjoy , but my son is hooked on it now too 
dvd pos 821.txt joan crawford had it . star quality . when i first saw her in ' grand hotel ' i was surprised how much i was watching her character instead of the equally riveting character played by the great greta garbo . both were stars . but crawford was able to project a different kind of sensuality than garbo - a vulnerability , a plucky girl-next-door quality . in humoresque , an older crawford was still able to achieve this level of performance paired off with the younger male star . let 's face it - women have a great advantage acting ( perhaps women are always acting ) - besides being better looking than men , they can emote more without going out of gender role . a distinct advantage vis-a-vis men who must restrict their emotional range or be accused of over acting . it 's a horrible thing to fall in love . and that is just what crawford 's character does . falls in love with the worst of all possible choices : a musician . musicians only love music . the music in the film is worth the price of admission alone . who amongst you would throw the first stone at a fine violinist playing ' zigeunerwisser ' or any of the other fine war horses of the classical violin repertoire ? she falls in love with the young ' artist of the month ' whom she offers to help jumpstart his career , renting a concert hall for his first recital . she is married to a wealthy but understanding man who loves her but lets her do what she wants - drinking , philandering ... most men do what she wants and accept her ridicule . the character of the musician does not ; he 's a tough new yorker who gives her as good as he gets - and she finds herself loving him despite herself . love is madness , and when he starts being successful with his concert tours but neglects to phone her for weeks , she falls apart emotionally . it is profoundly humiliating to realize someone else can hurt you badly simply by declining to keep in touch . silence is the perfect expression of contempt , is n't it ? she drinks , she mopes about her ' cottage ' in the hamptons , she is crazy in love with a man who does n't seem to reciprocate her feelings . in our time , she might see her doc and get a prescription for zoloft to be rid of the lovesick blues and of obsessive thoughts of him . but this is before thorazine , even , and she 's just out of luck there . so she drinks . drinking was the preferred way to deaden the unbearable pain of rejection in love in the days before designer drugs were available from your neighborhood spice man . to complicate things , her musician had an old girlfriend from the conservatory where he studied music as a young man . additionally , there was the dreaded ' american mom ' in full armor . she just had to tell this grown son of hers , repeatedly , that the woman he finally fell in love with was no good . she even slaps him upside the head as he shows her around his ritzy new apartment with a view ; it seems he has too many portraits of crawford 's character in view . that 's the way , mom . make your boy marry a good girl , like you , maybe . meanwhile , and i just love a line the character played by oscar levant comes up with at her cottage in the hamptons , " you 're not the kind of woman who lets her husband get in the way of her marriage . " a lot funnier said than written . levant did a lot of great piano playing in the film , dropping dozens of one liners like that . he almost stole several acts . this is a very forties film . in black and white . whatever happened to the colorization process ? oh , well . finally , mom tells the rich girl to keep her hands off her son . and dutifully , crawford 's character retreats to her cottage in the hamptons , gets drunk one last time , wades into the surf in a stunning , shimmering black cocktail dress and is never seen again . i told you love was dangerous ! her lover , after cancelling one measly concert out of despair at her death , decides not to ruin a promising career and returns to the concert stage . men ! emotional iqs of 30 , at most . well , that 's all folks . if your eyes were still dry at the end of this film , you 're safe - you 'll never fall in love 
music pos 683.txt when a young artist names her first two albums not & quot ; judy&quot ; or & quot ; collins&quot ; but & quot ; a maid of constant sorrow&quot ; and & quot ; golden apples of the sun&quot ; , you know she takes herself seriously.originaly released in 1961. and 1962. their names were all i knew until i saw this cd recently . &quot ; who will buy this ? & quot ; i wondered just to see the only copy snatched right in front of me.the comparisons with first two baez albums are inevitable ( some songs were recorded by both ) althought collins shows much more passion and involment where baez seemingly seduces herself with the beauty of her voice.on these early albums collins is frighteningly devoted keeper of the flame and her repertoire is almost exclusively traditional - which means not only ethereal beauty but also a certain ( to some ears , overpowering ) seriousness , cleverly mellowed by inclusion of joyous & quot ; o daddy be gay&quot ; , a cousin to her & quot ; grandfather&quot ; recorded years later.althought i honestly love these songs and listen only this cd for days , these early albums are today much more significant as seeds of collins later trademarks ( voice will soar much higher in the future , she slipped w.b.yeats into traditional folk collection just to later blossom into first-rate art-pop singer ) and as they were product of their greenwich village times , they may sound a bit dated to some modern ears.but they are still hauntingly beautiful to me , i waited their re-release for too long 
software neg 425.txt the benefits may be great , but the exercises are so boring that it is way too much effort to do them on a regular basis 
health pos 147.txt i am totally satisfied with thids product so far . of course if the batteries run out of charge after a few charges i will be dissatisfied . i expect them to last tens of reusses if experience can be of any guideline 
music neg 475.txt i bought this cd for the avril lavigne song keep holding on. i really like her song , and this is the only way i could find to buy get it . was to buy the eragon sound track . i havent seen the movie . besides that i would n't have bought it 
camera pos 398.txt has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones 
dvd pos 534.txt pro + great story , teriffic acting , beautiful setting con - some pacing flaws , but not enough to destroy the whole lindsay duncan is perfectly cast as the guardian of this endangered photographic archive and liam cunningham is her well-cast , perfunctory foil . as as the story unfolds , the differences between british and american style ( and culture ) are revealed , providing a nice subtext to the plot . one of the viewing pleasures is in discovering that not everything is as it appears , from the central story to the character 's lives . good actors all . but my " best actor " award goes to the photographs themselves : the stories they tell and the feelings they evoke are haunting and captivating all at once . a visually rich film 
books neg 106.txt this book is a sure snooze-fest . luckily for me i did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class . we read selected chapters of the book . they writing was horrible . many parts were unclear . i had to reread what i read over and over . i ca n't stand this style of writing . barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent . instead , he comes off as boring and pretentious . skip this book.. . try something else 
software neg 383.txt installed this on my laptop and desktop computers . one installation was late in 2005 , the other was in 2nd quarter of 2006. both have tried to fail . the laptop will no longer do automatic updates . i can manually download and install the updates , but it is a bit of a hassle . the desktop will no longer download the symantec updates at all . i attempted several uninstalls and reinstalls , wo n't do it . the only remedy is to take both computers to a computer shop and needlessly pay someone to fix the mess this junk software has made on both computers . because of the problems , i 've run into several problems , mostly related to .cab files when i attempt downloads . i 've switched to avg and zone alarm - both free and they work 
camera pos 301.txt this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 ! 
software neg 725.txt far from user-friendly , you will be at the office later at night tearing out your hair trying to find the buttons on the tool bar for even the simplest of office tasks , wondering " why did i get this program again ? " its like reading another language after using previous editions of word , which i was a big fan of . i guess with some extensive getting used to the it might be nice but for now it 's a nuisance . i ca n't find anything on this toold bar that looks like an airplane cockpit . in the words of thoreau " simplify . " good luck sending files as attachments to colleagues-they wo n't be able to view the newere version . get used to saving in " 97-2003 word format . " also , wo n't comply with other programs such as e-fax unless saved in this manner . at this price , you could do without the headache . 
books neg 173.txt is the main goal of every male evo-psy writer to attack feminism ? here 's an experiment for you : juxtapose the ideas in this book and , say , pinker 's blank slate with those of , i do n't know , any two female evo-psi writers and watch the incongruities jump off the pages . it 's f&#%ing comical . but guess what ? the females ' books are way better thought out and accurate while the males ' are a lot of wishful thinking . hmmm....aging , successful man writes that lovely young lasses and aging , successful males are made for each other . that men are wired to treat sexually liberated women like s@ &% , and to fawn over repressed , chastity obsessed airheads . whatever 
camera pos 643.txt at least for now it is : - ) . during the course of the past 10-12 months i have owned 7 , that 's seven , digital cameras : canon s230 ; kodak v530 ; 5 different models of casio's : z60 , z600 , z850 , p700 ; and most recently presented my wife with a red s770 for valentine 's day . i also had a pretty good chance to evaluate canon sd450 ( my brother-in-law owns one - it was actually a gift from my wife and i to him for his 21st birthday ) , casio ex-s600 ( a good friend of mine owns one ) , and panasonic dmc-tz1 ( once again , a gift from my wife and i to my father-in-law for his last birthday ) . if you read any of my digital camera reviews ( and i 've written a few by now ) , then you know that i 'm not particularly fond of canon 's lately - i think they are overrated and overpriced for what they have to offer . as i also mentioned before , i 've tried several different kodak models ( and i used to work for the company too ! ) , but all of them turned out to be a waste of my time , to say the least . i became a big fan of casio 's , although not all of my experiences with them were great . but being a huge gadget " freak " that i am , and constantly wanting new " toys " , i have always craved for more . over time , my tastes in digital cameras have changed from having a simple point and shoot type of camera to wishing for more power and manual control . so one by one , i returned / sold all of my cameras , and after extensive ( and i really do mean extensive ) research , i got myself an lx2. i must say though that i probably would n't have without getting to know my father-in-law 's tz1 first . i was actually quite impressed with it . powerful zoom , sharp lens , decent picture quality . i also played with some other panasonic models in various stores just to get a better feel for them , as well as spent a few hours on the phone , and exchanged numerous e-mails with a friend of mine who owns an fz30 , and who swears by it . unfortunately , lx2 was not available anywhere locally , but i felt that i got a pretty good understanding of what panasonic 's cameras are all about , and after some more thought and consideration , i went ahead and bought it from amazon ( nice thing about buying from amazon is that you can always return whatever it is you bought , including digital cameras , within 30 days for a full refund , no questions asked ) . i did know about the " noise " issue at high iso 's , but it was n't a decisive factor for me , and i 'm glad i did n't pay much attention to it and got the camera anyway . it turned out to be one of the best purchases i 've made in a long while . here is why : pros : - superb design . this camera is wonderfully crafted . and i absolutely love black ! it gives the camera a nice , clean , professional look . i do n't think i 'll be buying another silver camera soon after having this one ; - intuitive controls , and menus . i charged the battery , put it into the camera , and started using it and taking pictures right away , without even going through the manual once ; - a load of features , including a large , bright , widescreen lcd ; wide angle , super sharp leica lens with a 4x zoom ; mega ois - optical image stabilization control ( optical means it 's done mechanically , which is a true way of doing stabilizing , comparing to other cameras where it 's done by " tricking " the camera into using higher iso 's ) ; and many more . in addition , it has a joystick for an easy access to different menus , has a number of manual controls , as well as provides ability to shoot in raw format ( more on that later ) ; - it comes with silkypix developer studio software for working with camera raw files . for someone who is not familiar with raw - it 's a " pure " , camera specific picture format . it varies upon a manufacturer , meaning that canon raw is different from nikon or panasonic raw , for example . and it 's " pure " in a sense that it 's of a much better quality than a standard jpeg ( jpg ) , and does n't suffer from loss of information , such as white balance , or brightness . there is a lot more to raw than that , and i 'm not going to go into details right now . what i want to say , however , is that having previously owned a camera which supported raw format ( casio ex-p700 ) , i must have tried about a dozen of different raw editing software packages , including products from adobe , ulead , arcsoft , photofiltre , picture window pro , acdsee , lightzone , image broadway , and more . silkypix delivered by far the best results of all . the only one that i would probably put next to it is bibble ; - noise - what noise ? ! i really hate it when i hear people complaining about noise in this camera ( after having it tried myself ) , or any other compact digital camera for that matter . are you really that nave that you think that you will get absolutely no noise in your images using a compact digital camera ? think again . you might have noticed that i 've used the word " compact " several times here . i 've done it on purpose - it is inevitable for a compact digital camera to produce some noise . some cameras are better than others , but no matter how hard you try , you will see some . this camera is no better or worse than any other one that i 've had / tried . at higher iso 's ( above 400 ) , it 's slightly more visible , but who in the right state of mind is using anything over iso 200 on a compact digital camera , such as this one , anyway ? i always have mine set to a 100. if i feel that it does n't get the job done , i shoot in raw ; - picture quality is very good . yes , it does take some time getting used to , but once you familiarize yourself with everything this camera is capable of , you can achieve spectacular results , especially if you do n't mind doing some post processing . as much as i like everything this camera has to offer , there are , however , some things that kind of irritate me . here is a short list of bad things about this camera , otherwise known as cons : - first of all , this camera has actually been somewhat misrepresented . it 's been advertised as a 10.2 megapixel camera , which is not entirely true . 10.2 mp resolution is available only in 16:9 ( wide ) aspect ratio . two more ratios are available - 3:2 , and a more conventional 4:3 , but those offer 8.5 , and 7.5 mp resolutions respectively . so if you compare this camera to others that do n't have a widescreen format , or if you prefer to shoot only in a regular 4:3 mode , then this camera should only be referred to as a 7 mp digital camera ( because not all the pixels are actually effective ) . obviously , panasonic is aware of it , and marketed it having higher pixel count on purpose , to boost consumer 's interest ; - i expected to see a compact digital camera . what i got instead was actually a smaller compact camera than i expected . i was really surprised to see how small , yet convenient to hold and operate , the camera body was . what i did n't like , however , was the lens . not the lens itself , it 's actually quite superb , but the fact that it sticks out . i like cameras with lenses that retract all the way back to the camera body . i realize that it would probably loose some features , like the wide angle , and perhaps zoom , but i still wish it did that . it would be so much more.. . umm.. . compact ? ! the way it actually is makes it quite difficult to find the right case for it . almost impossible , i should say . i 've tried a few , but they are either too small or too big . i just ca n't find one that would fit right . i put an order for an slx1b case for it , which is specifically designed to fit lx1 , and lx2 models , but i hear they are not that good . we shall see ; - i 'm not a big fan of a pop-up flash . i always keep forgetting to open it when i need to use it . and it also seems a bit flimsy . i 'm treating it as carefully as i can , but i just ca n't stop thinking that it might break soon ; - i hate the lens cap ! ! ! there , i said it . it 's probably just one of those small annoyances that keep frustrating you until you get used to it , but for now i 'm not really happy with it . summary : despite very few minor negatives , i think lx2 is probably one of the best , most innovative cameras on the market today , and i sure am glad to have one . it offers more than any other camera in the same price range , and can even compete with some dslr 's when it comes to picture quality . if you are someone like me , who wants to have more control and / or learn more about digital photography , or a dslr user who just needs a solid backup to carry everywhere , then this camera is not be overlooked ! highly recommended 
books pos 40.txt this cookbook is the best in my collection - and i have a lot ! ! the instructions are clear and the pictures are great 
health neg 655.txt this thing is horrible . cumbersome to use and does nothing . i have to swiffer over and over again and crud is still on the floor . it removes a little bit of dirt but does n't actually clean a rug / carpet . i 'm giving it one star because amazon wo n't let me rate it -0 
software pos 345.txt it seems the last few office releases i have purchased have n't really offered anything different , but this one does . the interface is totally changed and takes some getting used to . i would suggest upgrading to office 2007 when you have a little time to figure out the new layout and not if you have to jump right into a project . the new toolbars seem to be really thought out and are very user friendly . if you are n't into change and prefer the status quo of the standard , file edit tools...layout , then this product is not for you . if you are willing to spend a couple hours getting used the new layout ( it 's quite easy ) you wo n't be sorry because it 's well worth it . 
camera pos 210.txt if you have the big lenses ( 400mm f / 2.8l is usm or even the 70-200mm f / 2.8l is usm ) this is totally worth the addition . the 2x does not kill the autofocus on the f / 2.8 and effectively doubles your lens with very little distortion around the edges . check compatability on canon 's website . you wo n't be disappointed 
music neg 13.txt after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only&quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets&quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song 
books pos 353.txt like most of the reviewers , i went into this book expecting the humor and absurdity of the website . and it 's all there , in it 's ridiculous glory . however , this book is almost like two books in one . upon reading the footnotes a much deeper tale begins to unfold . beyond the nonsensical ramblings of robert , the book tells a tale of a lonely kid using ninjas as an escape from his sad life . his parents hate him , he has no friends , and nobody else listens to him , except his babysitter and faithful dog . the further you read , the more you begin to see the deeper story unfold . however , even while the story gets darker , the humor remains , creating an experience that is both hilarious and touching . check this book out 
dvd neg 392.txt warner bros is putting out a series of " signature collections " . they are nothing of the sort . they are studio collections . the word signature implies the best of the best . a signature collection of hitch 's work would not include several of these titles . the rarely seen foreign correspondent and i confess . the failed comedy mr. & mrs. smith . the experimental dial m for murder and the wrong man . the middling stage fright . only strangers on a train and north by northwest are signature hitchcock . where are psycho , vertigo , the birds , rear window , notorious , shadow of a doubt , rebecca , the 39 steps , the lady vanishes and , purhaps even , the lodger ? a signature collection would include all or most of these titles with north by northwest and strangers on a train . of course this would oblidge the different studios to cooperate with each other . god forbid . warner bros is developing a reputation for shortchanging and lying to its customers . you 're much better off buying your favorite hitchcock titles individually new or used 
dvd neg 800.txt once again , the powers that be at amazon have chosen to refuse to tell us if ( in this case ) the darin / dee flicks if a man answers and that funny feeling are in widescreen or not . pan-and-scan is garbage , and we wo n't buy it ! ( that 's why i only gave 1 star for now . if they turn out to be widescreen , i 'll give them both 5 stars . ) " format : color " does n't cut it . color is n't a format , anyway - it 's a specification or type . widescreen is a format ( as is dvd and vhs , to begin with ) . so why the deep dark secret about certain movies , amazon ? you list many others as being widescreen , so why do you go on to neglect so many other hundreds , though ? if it 's a standard screen piece of junk , go ahead and say so , and be done with it , and we 'll boycott it . but right now all you 're doing by holding back this important information is slowing down sales 
music neg 263.txt periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans 
dvd neg 782.txt the only reason i gave this movie a star was because there is no zero star option . where does seagal continue to get backing for his movies - the last 8 ( or 10 ? ) have all been awful . his last good release was under seige . i only wish my 401k grew as fast as his waistline . submeged is bad - no suprise there , it will be the last movie of his i watch , i just ca n't take it any more . submerged ? must be a reference to his movie career which went under about a decade ago 
music neg 650.txt vote this one off the island : 19 overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television 
software pos 916.txt really great ! beautiful graphics , easy to follow instructions , levels to keep us going . very fun and challenging 
software neg 389.txt picassa , part of the google suite of programs , is both better than this program and free ! what more do i need to add ? the user interface of picassa is easier to use and more responsive 
software neg 170.txt as is typical with software claiming to be " topo " , it is not . expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for usgs quads this software is not as advertised . since i own the other major competing program ( for which you need to buy each state in order to get quads ( and for which i can not seem to find wyoming ) ) , i was eagerly awaiting this package . in five minutes i realized delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker / mountain biker ( et al ) . you can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at delorme decided they would make the map blank ( apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $2.50 a piece ) . so , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . well , if i knew that , i would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . for 2.50 more i could get it laminated . yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go ( and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map ) . all in all , a complete waste of money- -i only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model ( versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work ) cheers . 
camera pos 342.txt i bought one of these for my canon sd-800 and can recommend it . for many years now , i 've carried canon pocket cameras on my belt while traveling and the canon-branded cases are simply the best for this purpose . my only criticism of the canon cases has been their lack of a small pocket for media . i was hoping that with the tiny size of sd cards canon would have added such a pocket to their newer cases , but they haven't . on the plus side , the case retains the superior leather construction , uses a neat magnetic tie down for the flap instead of velcro or a snap , and has a belt loop that is tight enough to hold the camera comfortably against your body . the package also includes a nice looking leather replacement strap for your camera . incidentally , the sd-800 is well matched to the case , fitting quite securely 
software neg 844.txt this product arrived with 2 number 2 installation disks for the virtual pc and no number 1. as a result , i was not able to install vpc , which was one of the reasons i purchased this overly expensive product . the office part does not seem that signicant an upgrade to the office x that i had . so it is both an aggravation and a rip off 
music neg 100.txt gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal ! 
dvd neg 175.txt this movie is typical hollywood anti-war , anti-military , anti-american trash . the " show biz " liberals , aided and abetted by their ideological cousins , the left-wing tv news moguls , have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing , drug-crazed monsters . this movie is typical of that ilk . if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war , buy the dvd of " we were soldiers . " - -a much better , and far more honest , film 
camera neg 725.txt my husband and i bought two of these to take on a cruise for our snorkling outting . due to weather , the snorkeling was canceled , but we did end up using the cameras . one we used for regular pictures , outdoor only , beacuse there 's no flash , and it was okay , though the pictures were a bit grainy . the other i took on a camping trip with some high school kids and the camera jammed a few pictures into the roll , i could turn and turn the winder , and the film would n't advance , but it would let me take another picture . after fighting with it the entire weekend , i ended up getting about 10 pictures that could be made out , though these were grainy , too 
health neg 156.txt these glasses arrived yesterday and are the cheapest , poorly made , and most awkward glasses i have ever tried on . they are uncomfortable and look and feel as if they were purchased in the 10 cent bin at the local dollar store . pure garbage . do n't waste your money . [...] i ca n't imagine that any consumer would think of these in a positive manner . 
software neg 283.txt while installing norton antivirus 2007 xp , a norton message flashed that i must delete webroot for msn . i did it , and it resulted in crashing the session . tried first the paying phone support and gave up after 2 hrs wait . then ried the online chat . the wait went on for 9hrs , started #245 in the queue and by now in lline at #59 i realized this was not the norton i 'd used for so many years , i ordered kapersky anti-virus . 
books pos 908.txt lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyres brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literatures most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochesters moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if youre anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyres prospects for bliss , etc. ) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun 
health pos 676.txt had one for the last 2 years until i tore the screen . this is the best shaver i have ever used . shaves fast and clean.its cheap enough that i will buy another one rather than replace the screen . do n't like the charger as it is too easy to knock the shaver off of it 
software pos 286.txt i have been using pc-cillin after dumping mcafee following some lousy customer support with no issues . this new version i was very concerned after reading all of the reviews . it does seem to slow things a little on my amd pc if i am running all of the options i can run but even with them it is tolerable . i am sure you would not want to run this on anything less but it does work and managing it has been simple . 
health pos 6.txt this is the best tasting energy bar i have ever had . my kids love them too . great high energy snack 
dvd neg 603.txt i found the singing in the soundtrack so utterly intolerable that i had to quit watching this after about 20% of the video . the movie seemed like it would have been nice otherwise ( about a 4 ) . the sound of the singing was very grating & harsh to my ears ; since it was almost continous it made watching the video impossible . it also seemed to add little to the film in terms of content . the photography & art direction were exquisite 
camera pos 50.txt i was able to use the canon ef 1.4x ii extender for some nature photography recently in wyoming . i shot elk in low light conditions so i was shooting pretty much wide open . the extender did not compromise the inherent sharpness of the lens at all . you could see the hairs on the animals heads . it 's fantastic 
dvd pos 802.txt this dvd of the wiggles is my 21 / 2 year old grandsons favorite . he watches it every day and never tires of it . i enjoy watching it with him . the wiggles are great entertainment for people of all ages . i do n't think you can go wrong with the wiggles 
music pos 804.txt now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one ! 
software neg 644.txt i love printmaster . i 'm currently using printmaster 16 platinum . i have used many generations of this program with great success . i have taught classes on creative desktop publishing and always recommended- -even sold- -printmaster , but this one is terrible ! most of the images , even the previews , seem to be online and require a download which is very slow . the thumbnails are low resolution and hard to see , so you have to download previews just to get a good look . most of the images ca n't be accessed at all , because there is a prompt for the intall / program disk . there is no such disk . there are separate install and program disks , neither of which satisfies the program . encore , which now distributes the program , does not support it . broderbund does not not support it , except through its website which does not address this issue . if you try to phone customer service , you pay for a call to get an automated response which sends you to another response which tells you to go to the website . do not purchase this product without a money-back guarantee 
health neg 66.txt i do n't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles . it 's basically just gatorade with more sugar in it . if you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere 
dvd neg 476.txt i was trying to watch it , but can not open de dvd because it is the wrong country code ? ? ? ? 
camera pos 396.txt i just bought this waterproof case in order to use my canon s410 on a scuba diving trip . i was a little nervous at first ( i could see me scrapping the camera after it got soaked to the bone ! ) , but i have to say that the waterproof case performed admirably ! i used it on 6 dives , and all of them were to depths of 80+ feet . i did not have one leak ! a word of caution- -i followed instructions and coated the seal of the camera with a fine coat of silicon gel ( just a small amount ) . i would like to think that the camera would not leak without this , but i did not want to take any chances . i would recommend this case to anyone who wants to use their canon camera on dive trips or excursions at the beach 
dvd neg 464.txt why american production make hk movies look so cheap ? first of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by english dubb . always stick with original licensed hk release . be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though 
software pos 7.txt if you 're one of those people like me , who hang on to an older version of the application waiting for the right time , now is the time to upgrade . you wo n't be disappointed . just ask the editors of both pc magazine and c | net which awarded this version their editor 's choice award . once again adobe has listened to its loyal customer base . the proof is in the new version of illustrator . many of our requests were answered with the latest version including some that we did n't even think of . i was happy to find out that even with the new features , adobe has not altered illustrator 's previous palettes or keyboard commands . there 's nothing worse than having a shortcut or command memorized for years and then it gets changed with a new version . no fear here ! first of all , i want to say that i am really impressed with the live trace and live paint features , especially when used together . we all know that sometimes ideas hit us when we least expect it and are away from our beloved computer . we end up drawing it out on a napkin , paper towel or the unused envelope from our glove compartment . normally , once you get back to your computer you have to try to redraw your graphic using illustrator which takes both time and effort- --not any more . take your napkin masterpiece to your scanner and scan it in . once the image has been scanned , then the fun begins . once the image has been scanned in and brought into illustrator cs2 , use the live trace feature to actually trace your drawing . this feature actually turns to drawing into a live trace object for easy manipulation . after applying some blurring as needed , your traced image is cleared up . then , convert your live trace object into a live paint object using the new control palette . i like the live paint tool also because it reminds me of working in photoshop . once you 've converted to the live paint object , you can easily use the pen and other tools to modify any points to your liking . live paint also has a feature called gap detector which can prevents paint from going over into other sections because of a break in a line . this is a handy feature that keeps you from having to fix overspill later . when the object outlines are finalized , use the live paint feature to easily fill any region with color . voila ! you are done . go from napkin to art in a matter of minutes . a concern of many of us for years was the fact that while illustrator keep getting better and newer features , it also mean more and more palettes . sometimes it became a little unmanageable . however , the pros at adobe recognized this problem and applied a solution - the control palette . this new palette sits at the top of the screen . first , it acts as a an object inspector providing information . secondly , ( and more importantly ) , the control palette provides easy access to fill and stroke dropdown menus , brush shape , opacity , and style . no longer do you have to fumble through your palette to get at these frequently used features . if you are fans of adobe 's other creative suite 2 software , you will be pleased to learn that the control palette is apart of their new makeover too . here are some more new additions and changes to illustrator : * like photoshop , illustrator cs2 now supports custom workspaces . you can display only the palettes you need at any time . you are also able to access or save any workspace at any time or use workspace templates . * adobe has improved the swatch and color integration . now , working with the other creative suite 2 programs is seamless . * isolation mode is a feature that allows you to double-click a group move and edit internal objects without having to search through the layers palette . * cs2 now supports all of the latest wacom tablets . it now provides brush support for the new wacom 6d art pen and adds a new dimension illustrator 's calligraphic and scatter brushes * adobe bridge integration is now a part of illustrator cs2. bridge allows you to easily manage images through thumbnails for better workflow . * macromedia flash exports are now available . you can export both text and objects as flash files which result in smaller file size and easier incorporation into web projects . * you can now open photoshop files with layer comps within illustrator . this new feature allows you to view many versions of a layout at one time , just as you do in photoshop * custom stroke placement is a new addition to illustrator . you can now place strokes on the outside , inside or center of a path . * underline and strikethrough are two of over 170 new type enhancements . * these are a few of the new features ! the $169 upgrade cost is well worth the money , just for the live trace and live paint features alone . however , you get so much more in the new illustrator cs2. upgrade now and be completely satisfied . if you have n't purchased a vector graphics program , get illustrator , especially if you are already an owner of a version of photoshop . this new version of illustrator even looks more like the familiar photoshop layout . loren elks group manager , d-mag.org 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
health neg 616.txt i have always used foam rubber as a topper over our mattress but changed to this memory foam . after using it for one month , i have taken it off the bed and it is back in the box it was shipped in . i do not like the memory foam at all . it seems to be great when you first lie down on it and then after a hour or two my body just sinks down until it is against the mattress below it and i am not that heavy a person , 160 lbs . it is so hard to find foam rubber but i will search until i find it and never by memory foam again ! doubt i can get my money back . have not talked to the seller about it 
software neg 244.txt the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap . 
camera pos 697.txt i purchased this camera brand new for a fraction of the price of my first digital camera . this is my second point and shoot digital camera since i have abandoned film . it is a very solid and durable and it takes beautiful pictures . it has almost no shutter lag time and the battery has never run out on me . i have used it on an entire week long vacation without re-charging it . kodak keeps making these cameras better and more reliable for less 
dvd pos 147.txt if you liked " raise the red lantern " or " the last emperor " , this is a perfect movie.gong li , who played a concubine fighting with others for her husband 's affection now plays a woman who realizes another man loves her husband . " farewell my concubine " uses chinese opera as a way of telling the story.i used to listen to a lot of chinese opera- -which is an acquired taste.this movie uses the story of a king&his beloved concubine 's self-sacrifice to frame the love story between two men.when one of the men falls in love with and marries a woman , the stage is set for a tragic love triangle.the final scenes are chilling , powerful.this is a spectacle not to be missed 
camera neg 52.txt i purchased this set , and upon arrival , i found the circular polarizer to be defective . amazon quickly replaced the set , and this polarizer did not work either ! i returned the set , as i am not going to waste any more time trying to get a polarizer that works . i 'll pay more , and get a quality product from a different maker . i will say that amazon is second to nobody for customer service . i appreciate that , and will continue to be an amazon customer . however , i ca n't say the same for tiffen . 
dvd neg 174.txt absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more " dumb and dumber " than " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " . awful 
dvd neg 576.txt i never received this product and the order tracker never displayed the ' problem with this order ? ' icon . they stole my $20.00 and now have the nerve to ask me about the product . its bad enough i am stuck in iraq , now i have my money stolen . they are thieves . even if i had to return it , i still may have received a refund . do not buy from this seller , i could never report it and now i am out 20$. do not purchase from this seller 
books neg 651.txt i am ashamed to say i read this entire book . i kept hoping it would get better but it didn't . it is filled with typos and poor organization of thoughts and topics . clarkson actually spells mel gibson 's name wrong several times throughout the book , and refers to lethal weapon director richard donner as " dormer " for several pages ! he jumps back and forth from one movie production to another making it difficult to follow . lastly , he relies on the accounts of people who had met mel gibson at one time but who had either a personal or professional conflict with him . in the retelling of these conflicts and what went down , we hear one point of view only - and generally that is the view of someone who is harboring bitterness and resentment towards gibson , so their accounts are slanted and untrustworthy . the best part of the book is the end for two reasons : clarkson finally gets to gibson 's most recent project , the passion of the christ . the subtitle and the picture on the back of the book gives the impression this project will be a major focus of the book , but after 300 pages of reading , i was still waiting for the subject to come up . i have to say i felt that this was the only well written part of the whole book - thoughtful and interesting . the second reason the end is the best part of the book is that it was finally over . i 'm sorry to be so blunt , but i ca n't help it . i highly recommend reading the book about the making of the passion of the christ - you can learn a lot about gibson there - but i cannot recommend this biography 
camera neg 852.txt i was down in antarctica when i turned on the camera and it said " lens error " . after a day of missing some of the best pictures of emperor penguins with my 8800 , i twisted the lens and got it to work . the same thing happened to me in bolivia , just after the warranty expired . i called nikon and they insist there is no problem with the camera . do a google search of " lens error " and nikon 8800 and you will find lots of unhappy people with the same experience . this is my third and last nikon 
books pos 186.txt dragons are certainly among the most quintessential elements of the fantasy genre and their likenesses comprise one of the cornerstones of the art associated with it . dragonart : how to draw fantastic dragons and fantasy creatures is both an enjoyable browse and a useful guide for anyone interested in creating their own dragons or other fantastic creatures with pencil and paper . dragonart is divided into three major parts , fantastic dragons , unique details , and other fantasy creatures , along with an introduction , a section on how to use the book , and a brief guide to fantastic creatures . lessons in this book are progressive in nature , beginning with fundamentals and moving into increasingly advanced aspects of dragon design , all illustrated with step-by-step illustrations that are punctuated by helpful tips and tricks throughout . and author / artist jessica " neondragon " peffer has a clear , easy writing style that can be easily comprehended , absorbed , and acted upon , an example of which follows below . " okay , so we 're going to discuss the anatomy of a creature that exists nowhere but in our minds . sounds kind of silly to say that something made from pure imagination does not look correct , but that will happen if your creature does n't look believable . to help make your dragon as real as possible , base its structure on real creatures , " she writes at one point ( page 44 ) . " the ideal dragon is likely a mix of cat , bird , and reptile body types . the trick is choosing which parts to keep and which ones to throw out . you want it to feel like a single creature . " this advice , incidentally , is very reminiscent of that given by leonardo da vinci in his notebooks for drawing creatures of this ilk , making peffer well read or naturally very insightful , either of which speaks well for her . under " how you should make an imaginary animal look natural , " the increasingly famous renaissance man writes , " you know that you cannot invent animals without limbs , each of which , in itself , must resemble those of some other animal . hence if you wish to make an animal , imagined by you , appear natural - - let us say a dragon , take for its head that of a mastiff or hound , with the eyes of a cat , the ears of a porcupine , the nose of a greyhound , the brow of a lion , the temples of an old cock , the neck of a water tortoise . " dragonart also includes guidelines on drawing a number of other sorts of fantastic creatures , including basilisks , chimeras , gargoyles , and griffins . for those interested in applying the guidelines presented in this book , a companion dragonart kit : how to draw & paint fantastic creatures that includes a compressed version of the book and some art supplies will also be available soon . author peffer is also the creator of the popular fantasy art website neondragonart.com , which can give anyone potentially interested in this book the opportunity to get a sense of the kinds of creatures they can learn to create themselves . 
software pos 963.txt turbo tax deluxe is an excellent product but they should make it easier for you to back up without having to go thorugh the whole category to get to one item . also they should make it easier to make adjustments to your state return . it 's very annoying to find and adjust the state return once you have gone back into your federal return . i think it is a very good product but they should make it much easier to navigate to other areas especially for the state return 
health neg 769.txt beware ! this thing , even if you try to be careful to be light on the pressure , as well as not keep it in one spot , it took the top layer of skin off ! my poor legs were in pain from my jeans rubbing up against them at work . ow ! i had to wrap them up in long cloth bandages till the skin healed . and what 's worse , it did n't take out all the hair... . i could still see some hair here and there it missed , and i thought i got it all . i returned it immediately and got a refund on my money . never again... . i 'll stick to my good ol ' electric razor instead... . 
camera neg 9.txt i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again 
camera pos 39.txt hoods offer several benefits to the photographer . primarily the hood shades the lens from stray light that may result in an unwanted discoloration or hazing of the image , or the appearance of lens flare . shading your lens helps improve contrast and image quality . a hood is not required to eliminate these problems , as any item used to shade the lens will provide the same protection from stray light . the hood is convenient in that it is built to offer protection while ensuring that it will not inadvertently find its way into your image . photographers often state the protective abilities of a hood as a reason to have one . this hood being a solid petal shaped offers limited protection from keeping moisture and wind blown debris off the from lens element . when in place , the hood can protect the lens from impacting solid objects . being shallow and petal shaped , this type of protection is also limited . even if the protection is limited , replacing a damaged hood is usually cheaper than repairing the lens and easier to replace . this hood is manufactured for the canon 28-135mm f / 3.5-5.6 is ef and normally is not included with the lens when sold new . amazon often suggests purchasing one with your lens , and is worth considering . since the hood is wider than the lens ; it can easily be stored attached in a reverse position . this does n't add to the length of the lens , but does make it wider by about an inch . an inch may not seem like a lot , but in a tightly packed camera bag , it is huge . this lens itself is n't unusually wide so the extra inch may not be a problem . while the protective benefits exist , they are secondary and limited . i find the impact the hood has on my image quality to be the more convincing reason to use a hood . considering the impact on image quality and the low cost as compared to my other camera equipment ( except for a lens case ) , purchasing a hood is money well spent . pros : improves contrast and image quality reduces lens flare problems offers limited protection to the lens cons : takes up more space in your camera bag to store with the lens 
music neg 925.txt method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto 
health neg 842.txt as others experienced , both packs each had two dead batteries in them . i am even using the juice family charger , so it is n't a brand problem . the packaging was a little beat up as well as if they were sitting around for a long time . sort of dirty . also purchased d batteries as well and that packaging was worse . hard to knock the fact they are made in china because let 's admit it , pretty much everything you buy is made in china . the problem is the poor quality control from the company juice battery themselves . these are actually ok batteries if they work , but not worth the price especially when taking the chance on whether they will arrive beat up or doa . even though still most likely made in china , stick to the main well-known brands insread of this junk 
dvd neg 163.txt the ab portion of the dvd is good , although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether . the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set . the last one is a step-type exercise so if you do n't have something you can step up on , you ca n't do it . the dvd itself is not very professionally done . tamilee miscounts , does n't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words . abs of steel maybe , buns of steel , no way 
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack 
books pos 362.txt i 'm amazed that people did n't like this book more.. . i am also a land arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned . i was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained . perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole . i found it great as a reference book 
books neg 331.txt the plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many . why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case , when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is ? we know where the precious document is : another useless quest . people are murdered by the half dozen , the characters are outrageous , most of the time improbable , and i felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid , not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it . i have read much better books than that . sorry. . 
software pos 448.txt i just bought this thru best buy - could have got a better deal thru amazon - oh well . this product is amazing and very user friendly . i really love the fact that it comes with its very own manual not a help guide you can print out yourself wasting all your paper . it does everything - the props are very realistic , the shapes & edges so cool . i have filled in very dark pictures using the watercolor feauture and made poor pictures look like works of art . not to mention that i can create my own photomontages , collages , & very unique artistic scrapbook pages . it took me an hour to scrapbook an amazing page including fixing up photos . i will never spend money on scrapbook pages again ! so much fun ! ! 
health pos 501.txt i love this product . i have thick hair and the ceramic plates are very wide wich allow you to staighten your hair quickly . does an awesome job 
health neg 732.txt i had a wahl clipper pair before . it was a good pair of clippers . the pair i owned previously was white and black as pictured in your ad . that was the pair i wanted again . the pair i have now does not perform like the previous pair . so i 'm stuck with the pair ihav 
camera pos 514.txt i gave this as an xmas gift to my 14-yr-old daughter and she loves it . super easy to use . good idea to get a backup battery if you 're like her and forget to charge it sometimes . big selling bonus was that it was thin enough to fit into her pocket 
music neg 7.txt ok , so the song playing when brian goes and we see mia for the first time is a song called " deep enough ( urban remix ) " by live . i have the other songs written down , including the one played between the two buildings , so i will find them and tell you . if you all want only the songs that were actually in the movie , rent the dvd , and take about ten minutes to watch the credits and write down the song names and artists . that 's how i have only the songs that are in the movie 
books pos 392.txt clinton 's old friend and key russia advisor provides insight on a number foreign policy topics as they evolve . as deputy secretary of state , his accounts provide personal , scholarly and practical accounts . the reader might determine both that talbott was an invaluable resource as the post-cold war era evolved , and that in the end , clinton was his own & quot ; russia hand . &quot ; the primary theme of the book is the relationship between clinton and russian president boris yeltsin . as they address issues such as nato expansion , the balkans , economic difficulties , and each president 's own personal troubles , a number of lessons emerge . first , great power politics takes place between human beings , not merely among structural or organizational frameworks . second , the blending of idealism and realism is thorough and complex , they are not either-or options . third , political , military , economic , domestic and international issues all impact each other , often in surprising ways . fourth , watch out for the u in trying to explain policy making : in the generic y=ax+by+cz+u , that u ( for unexplained / unexpected ) can often play a large role . the russia hand is valuable to students of foreign policy , russia and u.s.-russia relations , and the emergence of the post-cold war era . 
camera pos 974.txt great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen . 
health neg 178.txt with in the first 4 days and only 3 uses my bottom plate was already flaking ...it catches your hair and the only to get it out is to pull which does hurt ....it works ok the first couple of times but i find i am scared to put it on a high temp cuz i dont want it to flake so if you have 30$ and you want this product keep saving and get a better one ....this product is not worth your time 
software pos 852.txt i have used tax cut for several years . have had no complaints . it is easy to use and is very complete . plan to use it again next year 
books pos 565.txt this book of eight stories by virginia woolf shows virginia 's mind at work demonstrating her & quot ; stream of consciousness . &quot ; each story flows from one thought to another asking different questions about life . for example , & quot ; the mark on the wall&quot ; questions the meaning of life and existence . & quot ; an unwritten novel&quot ; is about what people hide and what you do n't know about a person you seat next to on an & quot ; omnibus . &quot ; all these stories will make you look at life in a slightly different way 
camera pos 507.txt very nice bag and well made . however , i bought it for the canon dc100 dvd camcorder and found it a little small for carrying all the equipment ( cords and charger ) . 
books neg 968.txt i saw the tv show made , so i wanted to check out the full story . it was a disappointment , but my wife loved it . so there you are one against , one for it 
books neg 211.txt i wanted to like this book.. . i enjoyed the first two in the series . but this one left me a bit dry.. . babylon rising : the europa conspiracy by tim lahaye and bob phillips . this continues the story of michael murphy , a college professor teaching biblical archaeology . he is now heading off to iraq to follow a tip on the location of " the handwriting on the wall " from the days of daniel . he 's falling in love with a colleague who is in the same area , and he fears for her safety as things start to get dicey in his life . talon and the mysterious seven are trying to eliminate him , and there are a few attempts on his life . mixed into this story is a terrorist attack on new york designed to throw america into an economic and national panic , as well as to prompt the un to move their headquarters to the ancient city of babylon . murphy , for someone who 's pretty much a small fish in the large ocean , finds himself in the middle of all this.. . as i said , i really wanted to like this book . the murphy character is likeable , and i enjoyed the action . but the plotline was spotty and over the top . murphy was using martial arts to take out everyone who attacked him ( highly unlikely ) . everything the terrorists tried to do was thwarted just in the nick of time ( over the top ) . the story attempted to be both a christian end times novel and a terrorist suspense novel , and they did n't do either one especially well . murphy 's growing infatuation with isis was rather repetitive with the " she 's so beautiful " and " could she be interested in me " interludes . and finally , none of the plotlines wrapped up . you got to the end and thought " so ? " fine if you 're ready to read the next installment , but not good if you started here or you have to wait some months for the next one.. . part of me wants to be nice , give the book the benefit of the doubt , and rate it a " 3 " . but the authors are better than this , and i 've come to expect more from someone who 's been doing this for a long time.. . if you 're committed to the series , you 'll want / have / need to read it , but just do n't come in with your expectations very high. . 
software pos 691.txt do n't listen to all that crap about how you should get linux or buy a mac instead of buying windows . that will probably be the dumbest choice in your life . this is the full version of windows oem software . comes with activation code and vista upgrade coupon to either vista home basic or home premium . bought from tiger direct through amazon . 
health pos 626.txt lathers well , with a pleasant ( subtle ) scent . shipping costs spoil some of the fun . you might consider barclaycrocker , given its shipping and product costs 
music neg 749.txt i ca n't believe none of the other reviews of the ultra lounge series state that these cd 's contain almost all instrumental music , with very few songs that feature vocals . i expect a lounge music cd to have a mix of both vocal and instrumental tracks , and of the four ultra lounge cd 's i purchased , i count only three songs with vocals on all four of them . while the instrumental songs do fit the genre of lounge music , they tend to blend into one another and become mundane after hearing several of them . the titles of the ultra lounge cd 's ( such as bachelor pad or bossanova ) mean very little , as each cd fails to distinguish itself from any other because of all of the instrumental tracks . the best lounge cd i have heard so far is from an unlikely source . i purchased it at pottery barn , and it has a great mix of vocal and instrumental songs . keep this in mind when buying lounge music cd 's so that you wo n't be disappointed the way i was with the ultra lounge series 
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again 
camera pos 370.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
camera pos 413.txt i got this camera about 2 years ago because my sd 200 broke . it is soooo easy to use and takes great pictures . its also very sleek and small 
health neg 126.txt i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it . well , i really do n't care for it . and now i ca n't find the return sticky label to return it and i 'm really bummed about that because it cost $55 ! ! maybe if you could help me with that , that would be great ! thanks beck 
music pos 203.txt first up i give this album a 4.5 / 5 for the fac that it has real hiphop beats and good lyrics . real hiphop , they stayed true to the sound . i just didnt give it a 5 since im not the biggest tcq fan and of that style . but all these emcees spit hott lyrics in this album . tracks like " keep it movin " , " hot sex " have ill beats . this album does have a real jazzy sound to it , which im not the biggest fan of , but its more of a unique style , and they deserve props for trying new styles . so overall this is a really good album , and worth getting . my top 5 songs 1.buggin out 2.hot sex 3.oh my god 4.luck of lucien 5.keep it movi 
software pos 513.txt i have used quickbooks basic for a number of years both in my church and for my business . i have kept qb 2004 basic since the upgrades were not immediately necessary for me . i chose to upgrade this year to keep current on maintenance , etc. so again i chose the most basic product offered - " simple start " . i received it just fine and it installed perfectly . however , it does not upgrade any previous qb files . as i investigated , intuit says that it wo n't upgrade files from previous qb versions on their web site ( albeit in small print ) and on the product box itself , but that was not ever mentioned in the amazon listing . so then i had to upgrade to the next higher version - an additional $80. qb pro also works very well ; it 's just a shame that intuit insists on misleading customers by not providing full information through all marketing channels . the intuit phone rep also tried to overcharge me $20 for the upgrade but quickly accepted the correct amount when i pointed out their error a second time . 
camera neg 752.txt i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot 
software neg 139.txt warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them 
books neg 673.txt it is fiction of course . it can not be otherwise for what it contends may happen is impossible ! many reviewers are upset . upset perhaps but they should not be worried . the church is protected by christ 's promise that it will not err . any person of faith sees this book as fiction . it is a poor attempt to disguise greely 's left wing theology as fiction . the message to those liberals who find & quot ; hope&quot ; for their cause in this book : it ai n't going to happen . recommended reading : & quot ; women priests and other fantasies&quot ; greely and his followers are delusional 
software pos 572.txt after looking at the other reviews , i was a bit puzzled . i have n't had any of the problems other folks mention . pdf converter professional 4 does n't do everything that programs costing five times as much money . but , who cares ? background colors in a business form ? why ? ? ? ? do n't buy a camry and say " gee.. . i liked my lexus better . " most of you are going to buy this program to do one - or both - of these two things : 1 ) convert pdf documents into completely editable word docs , excel worksheets , or one of dozens of other formats.. . 2 ) combine documents of various formats into a single pdf . picture a customer manual that consists of word , excel , solidworks , quicken , powerpoint and project documents . you want to put them all together in one document complete with table of contents , bookmarks and thumbnails . voila ! this is the proram for you ! and for these purposes , pdf 4 professional is superb . it is easy to use . we have several users , and not one has had to refer to a manual or on line support . to put pdf converter to the test , we recently scanned , then saved-as-a-pdf a crooked , not highly legible fax . we then converted it into a word document , and roughly 90% of it came through perfectly . amazing . highly recommended 
dvd pos 206.txt i saw this movie for one reason : i wanted to see gerard butler in something other than phantom of the opera just to see how he played a " normal " role . i 've never been a big fan of " chick flicks " ( for instance , my friend and i watched a walk to remember awhile ago , and the only thing that kept us from laughing throughout was the constant threat of being slapped by one of the girls in the room ) . that said , dear frankie is a thoroughly entertaining film that has a surprisingly deep plot and keeps going at a fast enough pace that you never get bored . initially i had trouble understanding what the actors were saying ( they all have thick accents ) , but once i got used to it i had no problems through the rest of the movie 
dvd pos 784.txt this is a film like none other you have ever seen , and as such you 'll either love it , or hate it . from the " reviews " posted on amazon , i 've come to the conclusion that the people who hate it are simply people who do n't have the intelligence to have understood a word of it . this film is not literal . learn to *think* about what you are watching . to interpret archetypes , symbolism and metaphor . a clue : the lady character is named story . now why might that be ? and why would she require a vessel before taking flight into the world ? and what precisely does the wolf-like scrunt represent ? and why are there three of those monkeys ? this film is a love letter from one creative person to all other creatives in the world . if you are n't an artist , you probably wo n't get it at all , and might even post a scathing review of it on sites such as this . but that achieves nothing but illustrate how stupid you truly are to the artistic souls that will understand everything this film says , and love every beautiful , unique and visionary second of it . magical . 
books neg 1.txt this book has its good points . if anything , it helps you put into words what you want from a supervisor , but it is not very accurate . the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you , or if they do n't describe you at all . this messes up the results , and it did not describe me very well . i am not just in denial . i have taken a lot of personality type tests , like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths . so , although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths , it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology . as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees , i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate . the company i work for has done this , and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths ( according to this book ) are very unhappy in their new positions . your money can be spent better elsewhere . i say its only worth about $10 
books neg 997.txt i really did n't enjoy this book . i am half italian-american , and i 've read a few books about growing up in an italian-american family in an effort to learn about my roots . i have also read several books about 2nd generation americans struggling to find their identities while caught between what is & quot ; normal&quot ; and their immigrant parents . i normally enjoy such books , but not this one . i know that life was n't always a bowl of cherries for these familes , but this book makes it seem as if it was absolutely horrible . yet , i could n't find anything about the daughters ' lives that are really that bad or even different from many people 's lives in this country . where is all the anger coming from ? i really do n't know . this book is dark and depressing . some say it is funny at times , but i did n't think so . i could n't even bring myself to finish it 
dvd neg 802.txt this is not a review of this item , but the whole series . not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals , this bundle is sent intstead of the purchased bundle . until amazon straightens out the mess in titles , forget ordering alice faye and betty grable bundles : particularly marquee musicals . 
music pos 334.txt this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent 
software pos 931.txt this language learning software is the best i have ever tried . you can work with the lesson material in several different ways , utilizing your favorite method of learning . expecially great is the speaking unit which allows you to match your pronunciation with that of the instructor . the package is well worth the cost 
books neg 920.txt this book is typical for many of its kind , just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing 
camera pos 557.txt this case is vital to protect the lightweight s1 which could be easily damaged from a drop . the case does not detract from the convenience of the s1 , it adds virtualy no bulk to the camera so that it still slips in a pocket or a purse easily . 
dvd neg 717.txt i totally agree with soda fizz because im 18 now and i grew up watching these old shows like doug , angry beavers , are u afraid of the dark , rocco , pete and pete , all that , etc.. . they sould put those shows on in rotation and put them out on dvd , im sure there are tons of people out there who would buy them ( me being one of them ) . bring back the old shows 
health pos 437.txt now my husband ca n't " borrow " my gasses and i never loose them . i have one of each color and get rave comments every time i take them off in front of strangers . 
dvd neg 300.txt guess i 'm in the minority about this , but this play ( not a movie ) left me thinking that i wasted my money . i enjoyed madea , she is a great character . i never seem to care about the rest of the people or their problems . for me the only thing funny about it was when madea took the stage , the rest of it was simply boring 
dvd neg 541.txt the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so.. . no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right . analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time . so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again 
health neg 350.txt do n't buy this ! i regret that i did n't listen to the people who left feedbacks . the craftmanship for this item is very bad . not only the product was made of cheap plastic , it was missing a screw too . i would not recomment this product 
music neg 484.txt well , unless you are a hardcore collector like myself ( had it originally on vinyl all those years ago ) , stay clear of this album . if you want to hear noise that you & your wife / girlfriend / boyfriend could do yourself , then forget this album & make your own noise . the best track on the album is the bonus track . that tells you that this album has nothing to do with beatles music . i give it one star for being terrible & one star for the packaging ; - ) . search judemac forever " on msn 
music pos 489.txt the afro-eurasian eclipse is a groundbreaking suite , full of intriguing new sounds and grooves . ellington did n't fade into predictability and mundanity in his last years ; instead , his compositions became more and more original and exciting . this suite has rocking , swinging , waltzing grooves that , though seemingly disparate , work together and illustrate the theme stated in the duke 's spoken introduction to the suite : to show that " the whole world is going oriental , and that no one will be able to retain his or her identity.. . not even the orientals . " duke does n't leave his standbys behind , though . the phenomenal playing of ashby , carney , jones , and the rest of the orchestra keeps the afro-eurasian eclipse firmly rooted in virtuosity , even when playing to new grooves , melded with african , asian , and australian rhythm and sound . on a personal note , this is one of my favorite cds . aside from the remarkable music , it gets bonus points for the spoken introduction , at the beginning of the " chinoiserie " track . audio notes give the listener a greater understanding of the cd , especially one with a single focus , like this one . 
camera pos 428.txt i 've used all types of film thoughout my photography days and by far kodaks treated me the best . if your out to capture rich , vibrant colors this is the film for you . so far i 've shot 4 rolls of it and i 'm amazed at how much the colors stand out . its definatly the film i 'll be using 
software neg 497.txt it 's not working with my toshiba tecra m2 laptop - - it keeps wanting an update to my video driver that does n't exist 
health neg 751.txt well i ordered this iron and recieved a different one ! so how can i rate it.......mad at amazo 
books neg 506.txt book goes over a lot of information in a very short time , but not much of that information is worth anything unless you 're building a circle-track or drag car . took the hit and ordered stanforth 's competition car suspension 
health pos 507.txt this is the best reacher i have ever used . i am in a wheelchair due to ms and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this . 
books neg 235.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book . 
music neg 389.txt it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
health pos 956.txt this product does a surprising job for its low price . it gives my hair so much body and softness , and is extremely easy to use . gets plenty hot enough 
health neg 208.txt product does not generate enough heat to provide relief to sore , aching muscles . the " massaging " action is actually a vibration action . when heat is switched on , the vibration action is reduced dramatically 
dvd neg 61.txt most people ca n't get enough of this movie . i even own it on laserdisc . when i saw that there was a 20th anniversary edition availible on dvd , i had to have it . i am sorely disappointed in the video transfer quality . it lookslike there was just a transfer from vhs to dvd . there does n't seem to be any attempt to remaster the video and clear it up or improve the audio quality . i recently saw it on hdnet movies and thought it looked much better . do buy this movie because it is an all time classic . do n't buy this movie if you think that the 20th anniversary edition is going to get you anything better 
software neg 784.txt the upgrade is $75 cheaper and you do n't need to have a previous install of windows to get it to work . simply do the following : 1. boot with the windows vista upgrade dvd . 2. click " install now . " 3. do not enter a product key when prompted . 4. when prompted , select the vista product edition that you do have . 6. install vista normally . 7. once the install is complete , restart the dvd-based setup from within windows vista . perform an in-place upgrade . 8. enter your product key when prompted . this is according to microsoft 's internal documentation , and reported by paul thurrott at windows it pro 
dvd pos 670.txt as promised , this product was sent brand new and arrived quicker than expected . my brother loves soccer and thoroughly enjoyed this as a present for christmas 
music pos 859.txt if you really into french baroque that is..... . 
software neg 623.txt i had mcafee iss 2006 and loved it . i bought 2007 when my subscription expired . oh my dear god ! ! what have i done ! ! the thing is complete crap . my computer is 1 year old with duel core chip and 2gb of memory . this thing never crashed . i loaded 2007 and it was crashing every 5 minutes ! ! i could not get on the internet with my browsers . mcafee was updating and microsoft was reporting the serious errors with no problem , but forget about trying to get help from their website . they have got to be kidding ! ! i tried to uninstall it , forget about it . i was able to get enough of it off so that my computer is able to access the internet and not crash every 5 minutes . thanks alot mcafee , you took a good product and turned it into crap and made a mess of my computer . i downloaded a free firewall and avg anti virus . 
software neg 184.txt ...for indesign to not have one basic features . everyone i know still does french folds , but in order to see double page spreads in indesign you have to lay them out wrong in the program , then you have to painstakingly go through your document and shift the entire document by one page , layout by layout . this is mortally stupid . at this point adobe should have figured how a tool like i.d. is actually used in conjunction with a printer , not just assumed the user wants to print what they see on their screen . the oversight is the difference between avergage klunky desktop publishing software and a great layout tool . why is n't there a button that toggles me between the layout view and priont output ? why do i have to slave over a document like this ? adobe , stop thinking in the abstract and investigate how your software can facilitate printed results . also who knows how you get an alpha path or clipping path into this ? mine shows me a heavily pixelated , entirely xparent bw image when it supposed to be a cropped color image . what do you want me to do with that 
software pos 632.txt i have used this product for over a year now . the reason i bought it was for the back up software . email was a secondary consideration . let me talk about the back up for a moment . it is quick to download and about that easy to start using . the set up can be done in two ways . either by default , or manual . i chose the default version which covers my home folders and it automatically backs up everything to my external hard drive at a time of my choosing . it will also set up a seperate version of a back up of vital stuff to an online storage for you that you get when you buy .mac as well . restoring a lost file could n't be easier . just click on restore and the locate the file ( or files ) you want to restore . the program is set up so that everything is named exactly as you originally named it on your hard drive . you do n't have to look for your file name in a long string of code . just select it and click restore . it will either put it in the exact place of your old file or in new location of your choosing . i have n't really messed with the other features yet , but the email is spam free and has been my default email for over a year now with out any problems . hope you buy the service and will enjoy it as much as i have 
health neg 251.txt the first one of these i received broke after 2 uses . target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge , and now that one has broken after about 5 uses . very frustrating , because otherwise it seems like a good system 
health neg 211.txt i use three razors . last year 's model of this braun , a triple blade rotary from the leading manufacturer of rotary razors and standard double edged disposables from the major manufacturer of razors . ok , now , let 's do some math . i get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor . i pay , on average , 40c or so for a disposable razor . that is about a nickel a shave including the shave cream . at a nickel a shave , it would take 3000 shaves before i would spend $150. would take me over 8 years . now , anyone that says any electric razor shaves better than a double edged high quality blade razor ( not even the expensive triple edged ones , just cheap disposables ) is dreaming . the blace does a much better job and much faster . but , sometimes , they can irritate the skin , but electrics can too . i can get irritated by both , sooooo , i rotate between them , and find that reduces my skin irritation problem quite well . i bought this braun ( last year 's model ) after reading the positive reviews here , and later bought a rotary razor . the basic difference is that the cheap model rotary from that major manufacturer is much quieter , shaves just as well , and cost me about 1 / 3 the price . the only thing that is better in the braun is the battery lasts longer . it is possible also , that in some cases , it gives a slightly closer shave than the rotary , but it also tends to miss spots no matter how many times i go over them . the braun also has a problem with my beard when it is longer , like when i have two to three days growth . the rotary and disposable razor breeze through that three day bush . the cleaning machine / charger that comes with the braun is a joke . yes , it cleans the razor great , but it is way oversized and you need a large space for it in your bathroom . even then , say you have that larger space , you can pay between $5.00 and $8.00 each for the cleaning cartridges . i have found they last about a month before drying out . add $60 to your annual cost to just clean your razor . the rotary cleans fine with a brush and the disposable razors with water . finally , the switch that turns on the razor is right where you hold the razor and it also locks the blade . so i am constantly locking the blade position by accident . inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price . do n't get me wrong . this razor shaves fine . it works best on short beards and works better than cheap razors . but for $50 you can get a better rotary razor and for $150 you can shave for over 8 years with a disposable twin blade . does the price difference sound rational to you ? if it does , click " proceed to order " 
dvd neg 901.txt it is really just one poker player interviewing a bunch of other poker players - and it is not very well done . there are a couple of good tips , but nothing i have not read elsewhere . save your money . if you are a beginner , and want to learn how to play hold'em , check out howard lederer 's ' secrets of no limit hold'em ' ( dvd ) and phil hellmuth 's ' play poker like the pros ' ( book ) , more advanced players should check out david sklansky 's books 
software pos 157.txt this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped 
books pos 940.txt some of patterson 's conclusions were a bit of a reach . some of his segways were n't all that smooth . but this book is just plain entertaining . it is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the devil , lingering around after death , and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable . well , some of it actually believable . patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances ( in particular the rolling stones and led zeppelin ) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves . 
health neg 105.txt i wanted to buy this for my daughter . i wanted to combine a traditional record book with fill-ins with my new scrapbooking hobby . the outside is precious , but once you open it , the pages are like a black and white newspaper material , and they have no structure what so ever . the pages are boring and do n't look very durable 
books pos 96.txt these are true tales from a clinical neurologist 's notebook , but this is n't just any neurologist . oliver sacks , author of the justly celebrated , the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( 1986 ) and awakenings ( 1973 ) , which was later made into a movie starring robert deniro and robin williams , and other works , is a gifted writer with a fine sense of story and an even finer sense of humanity . he has a style that is both affecting and fascinating , yet studiously objective , a style laced with footnotes and clinical observations , historical comparisons and wisdom . part of the power of these tales , and of all of sacks 's work , is his ability to be totally engaged and to identify with the subject while part of him is off to the side observing with scientific impartiality . this makes for a compelling read . if you 've never read sacks before , you are in for a very special treat . these tales are paradoxical because " defects , disorders , diseases " can bring out " latent powers , developments , evolutions , forms of life , that might never be seen or even be imaginable , in their absence . " it is this " ' creative ' potential , that forms the central theme of this book " ( from sacks 's preface , page xvi ) . the first tale , " the case of the colorblind painter " is about a successful artist who worked in color all his life only to became colorblind at age sixty-five , and the effect this had on his life and work . the second , " the last hippie " is about an amnesiac man with a frontal lobe tumor that left him stranded in the sixties . sacks tells this sad , pathetic story with vivid detail , and characteristically ends it with a footnote , a footnote of such warmth and genuine identification that we are moved to tears . ( do n't skip the footnotes ! ) the third tale , " a surgeon 's life , " is an amazing account of a canadian surgeon with tourette 's syndrome . it is here that we begin to see the central theme of this book in brilliant illumination . dr. carl bennett , riddled with the bizarre tics characteristic of the disorder , compulsions that cause him to throw things , to touch things again and again in a ritualistic manner , to flail , jump and jerk about , nonetheless became a very successful ( and beloved ) doctor of surgery . sacks scrubs up with dr. bennett and goes into surgery with him , during which , miraculously , the tics disappear for however long it takes to complete the surgery . sacks visits him at home and meets his wife and two children , sees the dents in the refrigerator and on the walls , and comes away with a sense of how astounding the human potential to overcome adversity can be . the fourth tale , " to see and not see , " is about partially restored sight and how it was not a blessing . this sad story illustrates how sight is learned from infancy and is largely a constructive and interpretive function of the brain . this tale also lets us see how the world of the sightless can be rich and fulfilling beyond our imagination . in the fifth tale , " the landscape of his dreams , we meet a gifted artist , franco magnani , who from memory alone recreates his home town of pontito , italy through his paintings . he has a nearly photographic , three-dimensional memory , but because of a strange illness that befell him when he was thirty-one , he cares only to re-create his pontito , not the people or events , but the houses , the masonry , the stones , and he does so continually with microscopic and affecting detail . the chapter " prodigies , " focuses on an autistic artist , stephen wiltshire , whom sacks is determined to befriend and understand . in this tale , and the concluding tale , " an anthropologist on mars , " sacks helps us to penetrate the world of the autistic and see it ( at least in my interpretation ) as an alternate view of reality , a view with its own strengths and weaknesses , a world that is just as true and valid as the " normal " one . of course severe autism is debilitating in the extreme , and even modest autism can permanently scar and alienate the autistic from society . yet , perhaps that is society 's loss . i even got the sense , in reading these concluding stories about autism , that perhaps theirs is an evolutionary " strategy " trying to emerge , that is , a different way of seeing and dealing with the world that also might work . i would not be shocked to discover some day that the autistic , with their sometimes extraordinary gifts of memory and concentration , are melded more completely and seamlessly into our usual consciousness , and that humankind is the better for it . incidentally , the last tale about temple grandin , who is a professor of animal studies at colorado state university , is remarkable because it is about an autistic who is completely integrated into the society , yet remains autistic . she is the one who says she sometimes feels , because of her different perspective , like " an anthropologist on mars " when she views " normal " people . sacks allows us to see why . bottom line : this is an extraordinary book of insight and scholarship about the human condition , written with grace and a deep sense of humanity , not to be missed 
dvd neg 982.txt it 's always a shame to see a really talented actor / actress star in a dud of a movie , but that 's exactly what happened to jodie foster with 1979 's " foxes " . directed by adrian lyne , who would later go on to direct the notorious " fatal attraction " , " foxes " is a cheap , lame-brained attempt at a gritty look into the dark side of teenage life . the movie suffers from a painful lack of character development and goes in a seemingly incoherent fashion from one scene to another , making it hard to stay focused . the movie is n't a total waste- -a few dramatic scenes do at least catch your attention ; and jodie foster , still under 18 when this was filmed , has a real charisma about her despite the fact that she is n't given much to work with . plus , that piano melody of donna summer 's " on the radio " which crops up throughout adds a nice melancholy feel . overall though , " foxes " really is pretty lousy and ca n't be given much of a recommendation 
health pos 276.txt this unit has the power transformer at the wall socket end instead of in the handheld part . the handheld part is mostly made of plastic . so , it 's pleasantly light to hold , much lighter than my wahl homecare thing . the supplied guard things ( that you swap to change length , etc. ; iirc they range from 1 / 8 " to 1 " ) have a curve on the bottom so it 's easier to have them glide over concave surfaces instead of digging the pointed end into them . this also makes things more pleasant . do n't believe the no-mess story , though . it really does catch most of the hair , so it 's certainly worthwhile , and it 's easy to empty the hair trap , but i still have to vacuum the remainder afterwards . it does n't catch it all 
camera pos 337.txt this small and cheep hood can save you realy a lot of money . it 's doeing it job wonderful keeps you pictures brigth and clear , but also the hood protect you lens from a lot of things which trying to hit you lens 
camera pos 532.txt this is a great camera for travel and everyday events because of its small and convenient size . we bought it to replace our bulkier sony dsc-f707. the large screen is wonderful ! the video feature is a lot of fun but due to the small size it is hard to take a steady video . the battery meter is very useful as it tells you how much time you have left . the main downside with this camera is the flash . it does n't work well in very dark conditions for distant or even slightly distant shots . if it were n't for the flash , i would have given this a rating of 5 stars . this is overall a good camera . for more serious digital photography , we prefer to use the sony dsc-f707 as it has a better flash and zoom . however , it is too bulky to carry around 
music pos 369.txt blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection 
health neg 494.txt because if you do , this is the unit to do it with ! the combination of a demineraliztion cartridge that does not work and / or the silver stick has resulted in the total coating of my new macbook pro 's internal circuitry with metal deposits . no , i do not work in a metal shop . i use my computer solely in my apartment room . yes , it is from the humidifer . the dispersion pattern is heaviest around the fan intake areas . 
music neg 737.txt this is not , i repeat not five stars ! in all honesty it 's more like 1.5 or 2 stars and i 'm a big fan of slug & atmosphere.albums like overcast , godlovesugly , the felt project , and the dynospectrum album is much better than this.though the lyrics are thought provoking , but slug has been better , the production does n't hold up.it 's some of the weakest i 've heard from rhymesayers.there 's only a couple tracks that stand out , but i 'd have to say " do n't ever f**king question that " is the best.if you wanna hear slug at his best check out the dynospectrum album.slug spits classic verse after classic verse 
books pos 386.txt sigmund freud has done an amazing research in the field of dreams and their meanings , you will be amazed how every single detail in the dream has a meaning ( according to sigmund freud - not that i agree with him ) . and it is very impressive . personally i enjoyed this book very much 
software neg 713.txt i imported from quicken for mac to quickbooks pro for mac and after 3 weeks of trying to make the result work , i gave up . the interface is far less intuitive than in quicken ( for example , entering vendor names by typing the first letters then scrolling through the choices with the arrow keys as in q ) does not work in qb , forcing one to guess at the exact vendor name the first time ; and the imported names and addresses do not go automatically to vendors if they have been paid , and customers if they provide payments ; rather they all go to an ' other names ' list that , with a thousand or two names in it , cannot be simply dragged to the correct list ; rather each one has to be edited individually . when i started forming invoices and quotes for customers , i found that qb would forget the customer 's address , sometimes including it and other times yielding a blank field . also the field lengths in qb are often shorter than in q , resulting in incomplete import of memo fields . in addition , export capabilities are negligible ; one can only export transactions and other details in a proprietary format that ca n't be used elsewhere , unlike q which exports in a readable and massageable format . overall it seems that qb has been written by a different company than q , and to a large extent the programs are not compatible even though the import from q to qb appears at first viewing to work ok . it is better to start a new financial year with new software and enter all data in again by hand rather than try to make qb use q data , in my view . i have switched to myob accountedge at a rather higher cost , and find that this clean start at the financial year beginning works ok for me . the myob product is a little clunkier than qb with more fields to fill in and numbered accounts all over the place , and its q import is a total joke ( with repeated questions on where to allocate accounts for each transaction without an explanation screen ) so that import of any more than 10 transactions becomes laughable ) but its export abilities are wonderful and i think its inventory control is better than qb ; also , it has not yet lost invoice addresses the way qb did on me . one has to input addresses in fields before memorizing tranactions however otherwise the memorized transactions in myob do n't update . i have found that myob is about as intuitive as q when it comes to entry of payee fields etc ; while qb has lost that data entry ease entirely . qb may have an advantage if your goal includes payroll however ; myob seems to have a pretty sad service unless you are prepared to pay all of the taxes yourself . 
software neg 827.txt im going to rate this product a 2 because i like it but i would change a few things if i could . it does show you a lot of chords and how to play properly and all that good stuff . the couple of things i would change is the fact that when they are teaching you a chord , you can play along with the program but its only about 15 seconds , then you have to stop and click play again . i wish there was an option where you could choose to repeat it on its own a few times so you dont have to stop every time to play it again . the other thing is something a little more important . the product has a program where you could go online to down load a lot of songs to play , its called olga . well this website is having legal problems and is not online anymore . so you dont have that option of learning to play your favorite songs from the beetles or metalica or the grateful dead or anyone else , and thats what they advertise " play hit songs " . so overall , knowing all this i would have shopped around more . especially for the price , its defenitly not worth 40-50 dollars when all you get is little 15 second examples on jingle bells and little traditional folk songs . 
software pos 703.txt i just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . i have the book-cd version . i recommend it over just the cd , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a pdf online or print it out . here are some of the features that i thought were worth noting : * the program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . you can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * after doing one will , you can go to the file menu and save for spouse . this creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * in the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . after you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . this is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . it is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . when working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * the program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . this is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . although i wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , i decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . if all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . it would just be more expedient to have one already named . * i contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the response stated why they chose to omit that option ( " the editors choose to limit the number of fields for beneficiaries and executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy " ) and some options ( export the document and add the language or return the program ) . i was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion ( i disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple beneficiaries and executors that serve together at the same time ) , but i liked that i received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what i was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * at the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . you can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or rtf . exporting to rtf is handy if you need to change the document ( they advise against changing it ) or print it somewhere else . however , the rtf is not identical to printing directly . i noticed two differences . ( 1 ) pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . ( 2 ) the footer is always different : the directly printed copy says how many total pages , whereas the rtf one does not . if you cannot print directly to a printer , i recommend printing to a pdf to maintain the pagination and other features . if you do not have a way to create a pdf , get a free pdf writer ( search on that term ) . when you print the document to pdf , print it as prepress so you embed the fonts . 
software neg 23.txt did not work with my apple computer , requested help but did not get results i wanted which was to return idem & get credi 
dvd pos 825.txt i will make this short . aykroyd , candy two men who are hilarious together is of course hilarious . the story is about a man who loves his family and is a middle class man going on vaction . his relatives decide to join him without letting him know . the relatives are totally diffre n't from the family they join and seeing them mingle is a riot . i say get this movie because everyone i know who has seen it all say the same thing " i love that movie , it is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . 
software neg 717.txt nero 7 wants to prevent you from generating iso files and instead wants you to use its nrg cd backup file system . then it does n't want you to burn wav onto cd but forces you to invest in mp3 encryption so that you can burn mp3 to cd . the software is full of these horrible twists that nero has gone from the best burning rom to the worst burning rom by simply making it harder for you to do what you want . i rolled back to nero 5.5 and had a fully functional and top of the line burning rom again 
software neg 485.txt this screensaver is terrible . it pauses and jerks around . very annoying . i emailed the company and never heard from them . i dont use it and i dont recommend it to anybody . thank yo 
health pos 515.txt i have had other bath pillows that slid around or just were not comfortable , either itchy or not supportive at all . this pillow is just right , and nice and soft , and has n't gotten exceptionally dirty or moldy , which i was worried about 
books pos 366.txt private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge . this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it didn't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing . g rodger 
music pos 917.txt when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love 
books pos 685.txt based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow 
dvd pos 718.txt i got my movie sooner than expected . it was in a new like condition . very nice and thanks 
software pos 327.txt i do television editing for my church and i dabble alittle at home . i have many editing programs that i use for music and video editing of home movies from cams and 8mm.i had nero 6 and it was ok , but nero7 ultra ( enhanced ) has taken the place of all the other programs . it is my primary editing suite for music and videos . for music i can make changes to songs for skating programs where i would have to send out to have words removed or create a cd for pleasure.this program is remarkable , there are still somethings i have not yet used , this was the best but in this type of program for under $800.00 that is how much the programs that we use in the studio starting price is . buying this program will be a great investment . 
books neg 422.txt very politically manipulative primer that only gives 5 / 8 of the story . i add 1 / 8 because the author does acknowlege some of the huge problems caused by unbridled global capitalism , but then quickly glosses them over basically saying that these effects are unfortunate , but that free global trade is best for everyone in the long run . there is a lot of interesting incidental information as various terms are explained , but too often this reference becomes a one-sided sermon for free trade . these are the same deceptions that robert reich started pushing under clinton . repubs kept the song going without missing a beat . most of both dem and repub reps support neoliberal policies - the rich get richer in both parties . feel free to read to learn about terms , just be aware that the author is leading you down a highly biased path 
books neg 341.txt the sub-title of this book is very misleading . it does not contain " an action-oriented approach " to raising your self-esteem - unless you count sitting down with pen and paper as an action . the book is centered on sentence completion exercises where you write the beginning of a sentence at the top of a page ( " one of the things i dislike about myself is.. . " , " one of my emotions i have trouble accepting is.. . " ) and then complete the sentence with whatever comes to mind . for some unexplained reason each sentence requires its own sheet of paper ; and there are a lot of them , so be prepared to go through a lot of paper . sure , completing sentences technically counts as an " action " . but if you 're like me , " action-oriented " implies some sort of cognitive-behavioral therapy that gives you exercises to go out and do in the world , not sitting alone and writing out your thoughts . for someone with social anxiety the last thing i needed was more solitary introspection . branden gives examples of breakthroughs that his patients had doing sentence completion with him in therapy ; but alas , the practice helped me in no way . your mileage may vary , but i would n't recommend this book to anyone 
music neg 734.txt i love the sludge and the roar but the vocals are monotone and the lyrics laughable . gimme earth or sunno ) ) ) anyday 
dvd neg 810.txt after doing this film steve martin quit doing movies for a while and even turned down scripts written for him so if your a huge fan you may enjoy it , but roxanne , la story , and bowfinger are some of steve 's best works . 
dvd neg 275.txt this dvd was the first one released by michael buble , and i bought it in hopes of seeing some of his live performances . there are segments of performances , but the editing and fast , wild cuts from one angle to the next to the next to the next really detract from the overall effect . the performances get largely lost . what remains is a lot of footage of michael and his original bandmembers drinking , clubbing , gambling , womanizing , and generally acting like rowdy frat boys . if you really want to be wowed and experience what a live buble concert is like , i highly recommend " caught in the act " . this dvd lives up to it 's name as part of the pbs great performances series produced by david foster . " caught in the act " is slick , glossy , flashy , enormously fun and absolutely true to the real experience . i 've seen buble perform live twice , and i can attest that " caught in the act " is just about as good as being there 
dvd pos 588.txt othello is a difficult production for me to watch at any time . seeing the horrors of jealousy run amuck to the destruction of innocence is painful at the best of times . in the instance of this production it is even more painful because it is so well done . the story of othello is that of a venetian general who marries a local daughter of a nobleman . the general happens to be black . in an effort to sabotage the general , iago undermines the faith of the husband for his wife leading ultimately to the tragedy of her death . while shakespeare gives motivations for his characters , interpretations and emphases tend to vary . kenneth brannagh 's production of othello emphasies iago as a troublemake who likes to cause trouble simple for the sake of doing so . this production , with ian mckellan in the role of iago , puts more emphasis on his desire for revenge in reaction to a perceived slight . both are accurate portrayals but the former seems to show more delight in " being bad " wheras the latter seems more inclined to " get even " . both are excellent and accurate but the emphasis in this film makes the heaviness of the theme that much more difficult to endure . the role of desdemona is portrayed in this version by imogen stubb and she is a delight to watch . she bring an alluring innocence to the role that makes her demise all that much more tragic . so too is the title role played admirably . the problem with othello is that he is at heart and honorable man but lets his passions rule him and cause him to lash out with devatiging consequence . this is a fine performance all around with a difficult play . if you can keep your anger at the antics of the characters in check , it is well worth the time 
music pos 65.txt okay bryce nickelback yells not screams big difference and wtf sum 41 your kiding right sum 41 does not scream at all and you say " i like music " well you dont know any thing about music and another thing you poser is that limp bizkit is not metal they rap so how can you say that they scream all the time...limp bizkit is the worst band out their they give a bad name to music itself and as for you dont write anymore reviews until you know more about music wich with the information i just got from you that will take a long tim 
camera neg 447.txt this dock does not fit the r817 camera . just bought this and the hp r817 and i am very disappointed . the input for the camera is to big for the 817. so do not buy this if you get the 817 **update** this review was written , when the dock was stated to fit the r817 , which has been changed because it does not fit 
software pos 50.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
health pos 616.txt i have used every diaper in the market and narrowed it down to pampers and huggies , i have a big 21 month old baby and been looking for the perfect night time diaper with no leaks ! ! my son still fits in the size % diapers but this is the one we specifically use at night and been really happy about it , no leaks , no gel coming out of the diaper and defintely a happy baby when he wakes up in the morning ! 
camera pos 727.txt i got a pair of these for christmas . initially , i was skeptical about the quality of an inexpensive roof-prism optic , and this is n't my favorite brand name either . but contrary to my expectations , i 've been extremely impressed with them so far . good brightness , contrast , sharpness , field of view , and close focus all exceeded my expectations for a binocular at this price point . feel , fit and finish are all very good . i wear eyeglasses , and these binoculars still deliver a nice wide view through the eyepiece . the twist-down eyecups are quick to extend / retract if you are sharing these with someone who does n't wear glasses . they come with a decent carry case , and relative to porro-prism types , the weight and compactness are both a little bit better . if you are looking for a good binocular for birding or general use , i highly recommend you take a look through these in addition to the other popular models . i think these really hit the sweet spot for price / size / weight / performance , and i 'm very happy with them 
dvd neg 18.txt this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things . while i agree the acting ( especially the girls playing christy and ariel ) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us ( yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada ) . anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally , without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country ? i know the dad is an actor but could n't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan ? the mom is a teacher but ca n't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally . yet there is money for private school , fixing up the dump of an apartment , an expensive camcorder , betting the rent money on an et doll etc. i ca n't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the " drug house " with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please . mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died . i kept expecting someone to call social services . and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched . the symbolism between mateo , the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed . though the film is told through the oldest daughter 's eyes because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children . and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all . maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have " gotten " this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed . 
books pos 711.txt i was very pleased with my order . the book was in excellent condition and i received the book in a timely manner . i would definately buy from this seller again 
health pos 410.txt has all of the features that i wanted ; digital readout , body fat monitor . relatively easy to set up 
software neg 778.txt after spending over an hour waiting on their help line and trying all of their non-functioning suggestions , i was still unable to install this on either of my pcs . they do n't want to admit it , but their ad for deduction pro kills the software install at 21% ( or 26% for the standard version ) . and no , their " font patch " , killing all startup services , upgrading the flash player , nor starting in safe mode did not resolve the problem . i 'm out the money on this and am switching to turbotax . h&r block has lost this customer . 
software pos 481.txt i 've been a onenote user from the original release ( onenote 2003 ) , and this version improves on an already exceptional product . organize your life using this one application , and never go back to paper again 
dvd neg 450.txt someone named " ndb " ( and i 'm willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by " ndboston " in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy 's kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they 've lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled " legend of the curse of the bambino , " due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . ) 
camera neg 869.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
dvd neg 728.txt eric maibus and scott bairstow have become fine young actors , and even their adequate performances cannot save this dismal , pointless , lurid and sadistic movie . dee wallace stone should be ashamed for participating . maibus plays the hypnotic leader of a teenage devil cult , with no conscience , morals , or regard for anyone but himself ; bairstow plays the usual & quot ; misunderstood&quot ; teen who looks to the group for acceptance . the script is laden with offensive four letter words in every other sentence ; enough is enough . if this is the way teens talk , then steer me clear , folks . there is no heart or soul in this movie , and no reason to rent or buy . no stars . c'mon amazon , when you gonna give us the 0 stars options ? ? 
camera pos 808.txt very easy to use , multiple languages , something nice and easy for even unexperienced users . recommend to anybody buy it , it 's worth it . and the price is right for the features and mp . i would not hesitate to pay more for this camera . kodak has done wonderful job with this on 
music neg 922.txt after breaking the collective hearts of the soft rock-loving populace by leaving the powerhouse group chicago , traitor cetera made a half-baked attempt to reconcile himself with his fanbase by recording this stinker . it 's coincidental that the first track is titled " big mistake " , as if traitor knew his leaving one of the premier groups of our time was the worst decision he would ever make . i bought this album way back in 1986 with some birthday money , and after i had listened to the album once , i made myself go and apologize to all of my family members for wasting their money so foolishly . what else is here ? oh , you have the " karate kid ii " ballad " glory of love " , a tune so nauseating it 's made me completely ignore the second film in the canon , and go straight from the original " karate kid " to " iii " and " next " whenever i do my yearly film marathon . i just pretend the second film never existed . it also has the semi-smash " next time i fall " , where traitor makes it a point to hog the spotlight completely from guest vocalist amy grant . in short , if you a ) thought cetera 's leaving chicago was a great decision , or b ) like your music pointless and nauseating , by all means get this album . if you want music with real heart and soul , just go buy some chicago . you 'll be glad you did 
health neg 131.txt i did not get the instructional dvd , so i was left with a clipper set i did n't know how to use. . 
health pos 279.txt i bought this product because i had one from years ago that i use when i go to the gym but lost . it 's great at drying me off while i 'm working out and yet the towel is n't wet . i am conflicted though . i bought this one when i lost the one i already had . it 's a bit thinner and not the same deminsion as the original , but i still like it for what it does . i also like the little bag that it comes in , which i did n't have with the original one 
camera pos 478.txt what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain 
software neg 373.txt i 've tried to be a loyal quickbooks pro user for 5 years now and at first this company provided a competent accounting product that was decent after you learned its idiosyncracies . but each year you will be forced to update ( $$$ ) or your tax tables will not be accurate , and each year some of the capabilities will be lost and you will have to pay for them to be restored ( $$$ ) , each year the program will be more expensive to update ( $$$ ) . i am not an unreasonable business owner and i do n't mind paying for good service , but intuit has turned into a unethical , money grubbing monster . they sunset and disable your software every time you download an update , forcing updates and buying previously provided services ( payroll tax tables , e-mailing invoices , printing 1099 and w2 ) . this is especially true at year end , becuase they know they have you in a tax / year end crunch . now they are even doing unauthorised billing of new services ( last year they started charging quarterly fees for tax tables- -this year they charge a mandatoy $300 payroll update as well as a $100 software update for the program itself . ) furthermore they charge your credit card without permission under the ruberic that its the same as the quarterly tax table fee . honestly , consider some other program ! this deceptive practice of software disabling and data blocking , combined with the dubious practice of sunsetting software every year has grown intolerable . i hope they get the class action suit they deserve . 
health pos 675.txt i was looking for a lightweight simple wet / dry shaving device that had inexpensive replacement foil and blade assemblies . the panasonic wes9941p fit perfectly . gives a nice shave , and it 's so easy to clean . it replaces my old braun single head linear . ( i like the panasonic better . ) the batteries supply over two weeks of shaves on a single charge . give it a few weeks of shaves to break in to cut real close 
dvd neg 534.txt this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this " score " was " written " , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition . 
software pos 441.txt h&r block 2006 works well like it always has . i 've used and liked h&r since the turbotax activation debacle , to the extent that i can like doing income tax ! what is great is the media the software comes on . install the program and then have a nice flash drive to use elsewhere . maybe flash drives will be like floppies someday , with piles of used drives in a box , but for now it 's a super handy way to store and move a few files . 256 megs makes for a big floppy but a small flash drive . no matter- -the price it right 
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing 
music neg 933.txt dan fogelberg is an extremely talented songwriter and performer . unfortunately , the songs that get the most radio play are his weaker efforts , songs that seem formulaic and & quot ; safe . &quot ; his best songs are the lesser known works - - listeners have to buy the albums in order to hear them . they 'll never make it to the pop airwaves . serious fogelberg fans will be disappointed by this greatest hits cd . & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; is not synonymous with & quot ; greatest music . &quot 
music neg 214.txt after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa 
dvd neg 815.txt this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park- -that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates 
camera neg 340.txt this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip 
software neg 680.txt this program is causing many people difficulties . i had to make two seperate calls to customer service . 
music pos 625.txt quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz . 
health pos 342.txt definitely the best heating pad i 've ever experienced . i 'll never buy any other kind of heating pad again . this is by far the best and well worth the money . i love that it can set the temperature precisely and much higher than any other heating pads i 've ever seen ( that only have " high medium and low " settings , and usually the high and medium settings cause burns , or do n't get hot enough , or go from barely any heat to burning ! ) this heating pad 's lcd shows the actual temperature it 's at , which is great . and yes it feels very moist , but not like you 're getting dampness on your clothing . my only complaint is that it shuts off after 60 minutes . i could easily have this on all day : 
books pos 290.txt the book is set up with an activity for each letter of the alphabet . the activities can be used in any order , which works for teachers who want to integrate this into their existing curriculum . the reproducibles are quality learning material , yet still entertaining for primary students 
software neg 794.txt unit gives inconsistant results especially with front projection sets . spyder also requires room to be as dark as possible in order to make adjustments . this is not always practical . the tripod mount fits too loose on spyder and easily falls off . i think this is a good beginning to a potentially fine product , but not yet ready for prime time 
software neg 173.txt the mac os , $129 list , often cheaper , does n't get viruses , worms , malware , etc and probably runs all the software you do on a pc , with the exception of some games . go to a mac store and try it for yourself 
dvd pos 667.txt wow ! ! ! i bought this set a couple of months ago and i 've been watching each episode little by little , and enjoying each one of them a lot ! ! ! it 's interesting to watch captain scarlet again , thirty-something years after the last time i watched it back in the late 60s ( when i was 7 or 8 years old ) ! i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of the " thunderbirds " and became quite delighted when this new series from gerry anderson first appeared on tv back in the 60s ! the quality of captain scarlet 's special effects obviously got better since the thunderbirds , and it really makes a huge difference ( as far as realism is concerned ) to have the marionettes more realistically proportioned ! so much so , that there are times when you can almost forget that they are marionettes ! the production still looks fabulous after all these years ! the design of vehicles , machines , personal equipment , weapons , buildings , etc. is quite enjoyable , interesting and sometimes even surprising ! the " angels " ( both airplanes and pilots ) still manage to look amazingly sharp and contemporary ! ! ! perhaps only the automobiles give you a hint of the series real age , for they look quite dated indeed ! however , now it seems a bit funny to see 1965 chrysler and ford lookalikes among the futuristic modernism of the series ! thirty-something years later , most of the episodes plots seem a bit shallow , almost stupid ! but one has to remember that this series was meant for children ! so , once you remember this you 'll be ready to have a great time watching captain scarlet and his fellow spectrum buddies fight the evil mysterons ( led by the sinister looking captain black ) , just as you did when you were still a child ! spectrum is green ! ! ! ...enjoy it ! ! 
dvd neg 164.txt i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission ) . it was a bit of a shock . the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through . it also now has a poor voice over . the whole feel of the film has been removed . all the pbs...and viewers like your rubbish ? where 'd that come from . it was totallly funded via the bbc . the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else . my copy is going free as i wo n't be watching it again . sincerely , do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition . i give it ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package . inspiring and well told . something to watch again and again ( hence i 've worn out the video cassette 
dvd pos 377.txt i like this season because it has moved out of the developing storyline and gone into conflicting with each other with two of the best twist in a show ever ! 
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please 
software pos 49.txt i have been using microsoft operating systems for a very long time , and , i still say that this is the best system out there , for many reasons . an increasing amount of linux and mac users have made the claim that they are more compatible with programs , and are less vulnerable to virus and hacks . in response to linux users - stay away from linux , linux is free for a reason . it is compatible with very very few programs as it is , and that number will only decrease . for gamers - rarley do i see a linux compatible game . just stay away from this system . for mac users - mac 's also have a lesser amount of compatible programs . fewer and fewer programs can run on them , and like linux , that number will only decrease . the only thing keeping macintosh alive is itunes . which is compatible with windows . besides , when direct x 10 comes out , it will only be available for windows , making macintosh 's un-usable for new games when the next windows os comes out ( microsoft vista ) . the computers are also generally more expensive than windows . btw - you can get viruses on mac 's 
music pos 532.txt i originally purchased this cd at a local store . so many of my friends and family loved it that i ordered 4 more from amazon at a fraction of the cost . it is a superb cd and i recommend it to all . 
music neg 658.txt like so many new-age artists , ryan farish has a great ear for melodies . unlike most new-age artists , ryan farish has rhythmic problems . he likes to use the delay effect on his piano , but either it is not sycronized with the tempo of the song or he is simply being too sloppy with his playing ( sometimes it 's one problem and sometimes it 's both ) . i do n't know how he let those takes make it on to the final album . also , the massively loud reverse cymbal sounds are way overused and make the entire album very abrasive very quickly 
health pos 391.txt i bought one of these ' gizmos ' as a gift 3 years ago and i was so happy to find it on here ! ! it is like going to a salon and getting the best shampoo ever ! 
books neg 130.txt oh dear . this is another book like the horrible " who moved my cheese ? " that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children . like the aforementioned " who thinks my cheese stinks ? " ( or whatever it is called ) , i saw some people in the organisation where i work trying to sneakily weave it into the corporate culture and it lasted about five days . it 's all about making work " fun " . yep , work can be " fun " . tell that to the folks who work in hospital waste disposal . or maybe those who deal with animal cruelty cases . of course , it 's just great " fun " to deal with children who have just had their parents killed , or folks who just lost their kids . because that 's what work is - " fun " - or so this book would have you believe you can convince your workers . of course in the examples i have listed above , it does n't really work too well , because this is really about getting people in perceived lower-end occupations like factories or call-centres to believe their mind-numbing daily tasks can be " fun " . myself , i do have some " fun " at work , but probably like many people with more than one brain cell , it is based on having a laugh with my co-workers about the sheer absurdity of where our work life often takes us . you can call this cynicism , which is probably how it would be viewed by people who buy into this dumb " fish " -style " work must be fun " philosophy . i 'd call it black humour , but it keeps people sane and makes difficult work more bearable . as to the title of my review - this method of making the workplace " fun " in a forced way is very useful if you have employees that you wish to isolate and marginalise . first immerse people in the cult-like atmosphere and tell them that they are now to regard work as " fun " . second , let them know that they now " choose " their attitude - if they are unhappy in any way ( regardless of them doing their work well or not ) , they are " letting the team down " and not complying with the obligation to " make work fun " . third , while the majority of victims or workers , however you choose to view your prey , swallow the " work is fun " message and display the behaviour of sea lions clapping to get a mouthful of fish , you can point to those who have shown a small streak of individual identity and are not having fun at work and use the enron-style message that they " just do n't get it " . in this way , the resistant individual can be said to be " incompatible with our mission and values " , " bad for morale " or just " out of step " . in this way , the " fun-loving " workers , who have now taken on the costume of " forced false fun " can be set against them . of course this will compound their unhappiness and isolate them further until they are totally marginalised and can be tossed on the scrapheap or forced to resign . this book is useful then , if you wish to convince idiots that their " work is fun " . just do n't try it on a group of people with a brain between them who might take their work seriously . they might tell you to stick your " fish " where the sun does n't shine 
books neg 603.txt if you like unimaginative phony crap you 'll love this book . the proposed animals within this book are utterly stupid and improbable . an antelope that feels through the snow with its incredibly dumb looking antlers ? a diurnal and terrestrial mammal that for some god-forsaken reason lacks eyes of any kind ? primates that do n't evolve to fit man 's niche , but instead take on the roles of otters and flying squirrels ? the thing has got nonsense written all over it . the " future animals " proposed for this book were not well thought out and somebody , please find mr. dixon a liguist , and fast ! some of the names he gives these future animals are so stupidly childish that they actually detract from a creature 's plausibility . a vortex ? a posset ? what jerk scientist of the future is naming these things ? can he please be institutionalized ? i admit the pictures were well done and pre-teen children would probably enjoy this immensely . i know i would 've when i was 10 or 11 , and there 's nothing wrong with that , it 's just that dougal dixon begins the book in a very advanced scientific way discussing food pryramids , chains of evolution , and ecological niches , but then converts to unscientific baloney around page 30. all in all , i just do n't think it 's cut out for people over the age of 12 or so , unless you are just looking for fun and imaginative creatures . but in that case , why restrict your mind with the laws of evolution ? why not pick up a copy of the dungeons and dragons monster manual or something like that with lots of mythological and imaginary creatures ? i find that books intended to showcase the fantastic , do much better outside the realm of ( somewhat-boring ) science 
health neg 375.txt the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : ) 
dvd pos 817.txt beware ! this is not the tv series as described by the first reviewer ( not the reviewer 's fault ) . this is instead , the movie version of " return to treasure island " , and the tv version is by a different distributor 
software neg 426.txt comment made by the user after about 30 minutes . begged me never to make him use it again 
books neg 537.txt this is a tough read . he gets so bogged down in the details that i forgot what i was reading about 
camera pos 191.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
software neg 868.txt this was a huge waste of money . if you have plans to make a custom animation , do not buy this . anime only alows you to manipulate one of their few charecters . you can not change eye color or hair color . if you want a good animation you have to go to one of their websites and purchase a character for $10 - $20. their free ones are completly dumb . using their " easy to use " bone rigging tool takes a long time to set up and use . it took me ten minutes to make one for a stick figure . ( which did n't work very well ) you ca n't even group anything unless you buy their $180 upgraded version . i spent hours trying to use this , and could figure none of the above out . it also took two weeks to get here instead of four days . i do n't recomend this to people who are looking for an easy to use animation creator . 
dvd neg 758.txt a french saying goes : " the more things change , the more they stay the same . " it appears that the " historical " epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that " poetic " license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to " purify " the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is " preserve the aryan race . " modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60 , 000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about 2000 generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie . yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single " good " thing about this movie would have been " discovered / invented " with or without d w . eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a " hero " of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the " techniques " that this film claims to have " discovered " are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy / mess 
books neg 873.txt the premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into " leadership by calling " and comparisons to it with " modern leadership theory . " les csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion ; a point with which i agree . unfortunately , some of the examples he chooses are questionable.. . after warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders , csorba chastises german chancellor schroeder for turning back on some promises to george w bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives . meanwhile he praises jack welch for going from neutron jack to a gentler jack ( which jack says he would abandon if needed ) while still making the " tough " decisions that got the " results " for the shareholders . jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results.. . ok . also , there is no mention that jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home.. . unfortunately the theme in csorba 's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of democrats and forgiving the sins of the republicans . he does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded republicans in a meek attempt at balance . it 's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work . it started off so well . it started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book . it also started off well even though he chose to make george w bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader . unfortunately this conservative / political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going . it kept going to the point that i could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks i know who really need it . they would simply say its a bush-ie / right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise . too bad . csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual . i say this even though i am republican , am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for bush before the election , am a person of faith , and tend to find the dems an easy target . but this book was supposed to be about so much more than republican politics . too bad 
software pos 237.txt this was a wonderful game ! hours of good , solid game play . an interesting mystery and intriguing characters . a chance to interact with aquatic life . i learned how to work a gps and a ham radio . it was so much fun . the puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . i can completely recommend this game 
dvd neg 730.txt i was very disappointed in the quality of this dvd . i would not recommend anyone buying this dvd until the quality is back to that of a professional recording 
music neg 156.txt this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell 
music pos 800.txt i have listened to the cuts from this cd and was amazed at how quickly it transported me back to the time . there were several tracks that i was delighted to see since the artists were not popular enough to have an entire album re-released . if you are in a mood for a good dose of nostalgia , this is the set for you ! 
books neg 779.txt i am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only : if you own 2nd ed. , do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors ( spellings for one ) are xeroxed onto the new edition . therefore , for a review of the text itself , you may , without any compunction , refer to 2nd ed. 's comments , of which there are many 
camera pos 299.txt i recently moved into the prosumer level of digital . the canon d30 has proven to be an awesome camera . there maybe better ( d60 ) , but if you are serious about digital , the d30 has to be one of the best cameras for the price . there is a slight lag between shots , but if you are not photographing speeding bullets and express trains , the time between shots is hardly a distraction 
software pos 47.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os 
health pos 204.txt i have used this supplement for more than five years at the suggestion of a herbalist . i have never felt better . not only does it seem to help keep those colds away , it seems to keep me more health feeling and less tired 
software pos 242.txt i 'm planning a trip to europe ( of course ) and it help a lot with millage and since i plan on using my gps from my streets and trip then i figure that everything is gonna be a o 
music pos 309.txt rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal . 
software pos 1000.txt i have used quicken for over 12 years . whenever i got a new version , it always worked for me . but , it has too many things on it that i do n't need . i like to keep it more simple for me , so i just use the register , reconcile , reports , and lists-catagories . for all i use it for , i am happy with it 
dvd neg 830.txt this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never " compelled " by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. . 
books pos 725.txt ( 3.75 ) the other reviews can reveal what this book is about . what i wanted to share is the extreme responses this book incited in my boyfriend and me . he alternately found himself loving the narrator , yuriko 's sister , for her brutal honesty and hating her for her malice and psychological bullying of kazue . meanwhile , i found myself rooting the narrator on as she spoke the cruel truth about the pitiful hopelessness of kazue 's meritocratic dreams , but a moment later i wondered if that made me a bully myself or as bitter and heartless as the narrator . perhaps it reminded me too much of what i had seen growing up to shock me . then , there was the simultaneous hilarity and pain of kazue 's cluelessness . was she a tragic figure , blind , or both ? i admired kirino for inspiring me to feel so much for her characters , even for yuriko , who is certainly not the ditsy airhead her older sister wants us to believe she is ( i also found it hard to believ she was as ghastly as she considered herself in her 30s : is it just because women past 25 in japan are regarded as christmas cake , as a friend from japan says ? ) . my attention was quite strained by zhang 's tale of chinese hardship ( it seemed the wrong book to educate the reader about how difficult it is for immigrants in japan ) , but i immediately forgave kirino when yuriko 's older sister admitted herself zhang 's account was tedious and could be skipped ( i 'd recommend others to skim it as well ) . again , my patience was tested by kazue 's journal : i just kept on thinking , are n't you ready to die yet ? but i see this was intentional on kirino 's part , to make the reader struggle between our ( or my ) wanting kazue to just give up on life and our feeling ashamed for our coldness and complicity in her bullying . it also made my boyfriend and me think concurrently of the people we loved in our own lives who were heading towards the same fate as kazue and yuriko , not through prostitution but through drugs . what did disappoint me in the end was the last chapter , which seemed a cop-out . if only an editor had suggested it was unconvincing and encouraged her that an alternative , though more shocking , would be more in line with the narrator 's character , but that is wishful thinking on my part . when i give this book to others , which i will , i will make sure to discuss with them , when they 've finished , what they thought of the ending . this book could have been edited down a hundred pages ( back when it was written in japanese ) , but for what it did offer , i have no regrets for its consuming my attention entirely and will always look forward to further translations of kirino 's books . this book may not be the masterpiece " out " was , but for anyone who has gone to an elite school on scholarship , striven to remain a petite zero , wanted to excel while recognizing how off-the-mark our values of judgment are , or wondered just how much her body could be worth , reading " grotesque " is just as powerful an experience as reading " out " was 
dvd neg 195.txt i cannot believe this is billed as a baby video . the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value . i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby . 
health neg 811.txt i have been trying to suppress my appetite for awhile . i took trimspa 32 and i think that it did better than this product . i have been taking it for a week , and along with that , i have been substituting a nutrition shake for breakfast and a salad for lunch , plus working out . dinners are healthy about 5 days out of the week . i 've noticed no change . i am taking these to be able to eat significantly less and still work out . i 'm very hungry before lunch and when i get home i have to take a nap and ca n't work out until later in the evening . i really have noticed no change at all in my appetite or my energy level , which is really unfortunate 
books neg 76.txt just wanted to quickly say i have n't finished it yet , i am only on page 20 but already this book seems very overrated . the author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness , but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views . instead , he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate , conclusive authority on spirituality , and it 's very aloof and , actually , not an enlightened approach at all ! i 've just started the chapter on karma and it 's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people 's opinions clothed as quasi-originality . it looks like i 'm going to continue reading with a very cautious , vetting attitude toward the text . the fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears . hey , that 's the material world for you ! 
dvd neg 449.txt okay , i gave a pretty bad review of this dvd originally because it did n't play right . but after viewing it without the technical problems , i would like to say that it is a pretty good program and given the rarity of the subject matter , a good addition to any collection . ancient muscle conditioning ? not many dvd 's out there on the subject . i 've edited my original review and it wo n't allow me to give it more stars , but i 'd give it 4. sorry , mr. keen , if i cost you sales on this . i commend you for putting this out 
dvd pos 996.txt the show is absolutely great ! blue falcon is another space ghost and dynomut is the futuristic version of scooby doo . dim witted and loveable . getting the complete show is great and the shows from these hb vaults are all looking pretty good with bright and vivid colors ( amid some nasty scratches and dust , but it was cheap animation folks ) . as a scooby fan this is a must own ! i quite enjoy the blue falcon / dynomut show also . 5 stars for the show . the set however nice still drops the ball , you get two single sided dvds and two flippers . the problem with this is that the dvds are all on top of each other with maybe a 1 / 16th of an inch between them both . i know this was to cut down on costs but it makes the two flipper discs quite hard to get out without scratching them or marking them up with a good fingerprint smear . but then again if it was a perfect world we could n't complain . all in all a solid set ! 4 1 / 2 out of 5 
books pos 162.txt so many books on the market about pregnancy focus on the medical aspect of what is growing in your wife 's little belly , and not how that little thing is changing your wife and life forever ! this book describes to a ' t ' how this life changing event reeks havoc on everyone involved in the process , and it does it in a way that is bust-a-gut funny . before i read this book , i was like " what the heck is wrong with my wife ? " after reading this book , i was more like " ohhh , i know why she just ripped my head off.. . she hates the smell of carrots ! " great book , fast and fun read , a must read for a new dad . i 've bought it for every father to be , and they in turn have done the same . 
dvd neg 816.txt two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the ' way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . ' requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity 
health neg 671.txt too hard to use . so i paid $50 for an $18 hairdryer ; maybe if i watched the video , i could use it bette 
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu 
books neg 109.txt though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one , the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by obs . at one point , the author actually defends episiotomies.. . she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her , and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth . it was both infuriating and saddening . if you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little , this is cute . if you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth , this is not for you ! 
software pos 680.txt i have been using printmaster platinun for several years and love it . i scrapbook constantly using all of the features . i have printed thousands of items with this program . if people have problems with the program it is because it uses alot of memory and the problem is their computer . i have gotten rid of 10 scrapbook , photo programs and only use printmaster . there is no better program . ann 
health neg 840.txt this product flat out sucks ive been shaving my head for years and never had issues with clippers had a basic remington before this product gives me nothing but trouble 
dvd neg 397.txt i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as " mash " and " godsford park " and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that 
books neg 39.txt first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work 
books neg 954.txt blind items has the same writing style as at least one of rettenmund 's other books ( boy culture ) . he goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs . kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the sunday magazine section of your newspaper . if you like this writing style , rettenmund 's books may be for you . personally it drove me crazy and i set the book down after the first few chapters 
software pos 424.txt i seriously do n't get why people are having problems installing and using windows vista . i had no problems installing it and no problems using it . it runs smoothly and responsively . no problems . current specs : 3.0ghz intel pentium 4 ht 800fsb 1mb l2 cache 1.5gb ddr pc3200 667mhz ram 200gb sata 7200rpm 8mb cache 256mb ati radeon x600 realtek integrated hd audio intel 915g motherboard 22 " viewsonic vx2235wm hd digital monitor 1680x1050 optical drive 1 : dvd+ / - rw dl optical drive 2 : dvd-rom no problemo . 
books pos 993.txt brooke dojny 's new england cookbook : 350 recipes from town and country , land and sea , hearth and home , is a stunning achievement , a magnum opus of a cookbook . published by the harvard common press , the book chronicles the cookery of new england from maine to connecticut , from the first thanksgiving to the present . dojny 's approach to the region goes well beyond new england standbys like clam chowder ( although she offers three tempting recipes ) and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called new england home . the eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for cuban black beans and yellow rice and another for west indian peas ' n rice . new england cookery has embraced food from all over the world - - besides caribbean , you 'll find culinary influences of native american , english , portuguese , italian , irish , german scandinavian , greek , french and hungarian cooks - - and all are represented in this book . yet , for all its broadness of scope , this is a very personal book ; dojny 's voice can be heard throughout , in the headnotes , sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes . the book is also a wealth of new england food history and lore , as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients . bravo ! ( excerpted from the culinary connection , the newsletter of the connecticut women 's culinary alliance 
software pos 299.txt the product works pretty much as advertised and i received it in a fairly timely manner 
books pos 174.txt well , i just wanted to say that i am purchasing this to learn more about what could be , my ancestor ! yup ! my name is jackie kidd . i have been forever interested in anything that has to do with captain kidd . get this , we all have nicknames at my job and i am called : captain kidd . people think i 'm wacked , but i do n't care . i think he was a good pirate , he just got caught . i have been trying to trace my family tree to him . nothing is for sure just yet . but i wear my uniform well ! i have a pirate costume that i wear every halloween . i stand firm in my heritage , if this is who i am 
camera neg 760.txt this is the 7th olympus camera i 've owned over the years , from film to digital . i have always been very pleased with olympus cameras and their usual superior optics . this camera , though , is a major disappointment , mainly because even though it can shoot in raw , there is no compatible conversion available yet , leaving you unable to process raw images . this renders the camera worthless at this time for serious pictures as you have no choice but to shoot in jpeg . olympus should have ensured that vendors such as adobe had the necessary information to make the compatible raw conversion plug-ins available before this camera hit the market . there 's no excuse for olympus to not have made sure this was the case , indeed it 's downright irresponsible . having said the above , the camera lens is quite nice , the camera itself operates well . you can take quite good pictures . however , the camera is not suitable for flash pictures in medium to low-light situations as there is significant lag time from the time you press the shutter to the picture actually being taken- -- -if you 're taking pictures of people , they will have moved by the time the picture is taken . the battery life is very good . the camera fits nicely in your palm . and , having a 28 - 500 mm lens is great . if you do n't shoot in raw and you do n't depend on flash photography , the camera is worth a look . otherwise , look at other products at this time 
software neg 337.txt when i tried to upgrade from 2004 to 2005 i ran into a problem because i did n't have flash 7.0 installed . actually i had a later version of flash ( 9.04 ) but of course quickbooks could n't handle that . here 's the fix : go to the adobe site and download the uninstall program from them . uninstall your flash player and then quickbooks will then proceed . good luck . jo 
health pos 1.txt i 've found the omron very easy and practical to use . it gives very good estimates of body fat percentages and bmi ( body mass index ) which can easily be used to illustrate a personal rate of progress for any dietary or weight training program . for the money , it would be difficult to find something better 
health neg 922.txt title says it all - it simply does not work , yes it turns and trims a hair here and there , but i would not purchase this again . i am happy with my other wahl product 
camera neg 25.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
dvd pos 949.txt what is it with the british film scene and its distinctly gritty style . it seems that if we 're not producing trashy ealing comedies , it 's a shocking reality drama with the likes of ray winstone in it ? well ray winstone is n't in this one , but he could well be as the rat catcher is another one of those ' you either enjoy challenging films or you don't ' pieces . i personally love them , i guess i must be a miserable bugger ! of course this film investigates the reality of the underclass , dysfunctional life lived in a rough and grimey housing estate . but it is unique ( well probably not unique ) in that it is told pretty much entirely from the view of the 12 year old boy , played by william eadie , who is struggling to make some sense of what is going on around him . we learn that no matter what environment children grow up in , they always seem to hold true and remain untainted somehow . without wishing to give too much away , it is the final brief scene of this film which has stayed in my mind ever since i watched it in 2000. worth the wait if you like being deeply moved by simple things 
software neg 63.txt i received the package and read the instructions . in retrospect there were hints buried there that indicated this may not go well . it did not . my installation stalled out and would not complete rendering the computer useless . i had to take it to a professional to get it going . even so , i have had problems with internet explorer stopping suddenly , bsod's . this is not a job for the average computer user 
camera pos 986.txt i was looking specifically for the magic combination of an all-around video and still camera that was compact and built very solid that i can travel with easily . i have had this camera since dec 19th , 2006. i had very bad luck with my previous camera , a canon elura that used minidvs . when it worked , the videos were great , but the cassette mechanism kept falling out of adjustment and failing on trips or gatherings , and i lost many unrecoverable moments ! i had an extended warranty and sent it back 3 times , but they were never able to fix it properly . perhaps this was an unusual lemon , but i did not want to take the chance again ! of the many media types , i 've been told the sd cards are the most durable and almost indestructable . i liked the idea of no moving parts for recording videos . in addition , i was tired of having a separate digital and video camera , and the technology has finally arrived to combine the two . for the non-professional camera person looking to catch candid home and travel shots and videos , i 've found this is to be a great little camera . it is amazingly small , and really will fit in a coat pocket . extremely solid , it is also a snap to use , yet still provides powerful manual override abilities . the camera turns on within a few seconds . the video colors are extremely natural and not oversaturated in any way , and the resolution very fine . the microphone works well , and of course there is no " tape hiss " since there is no tape . the still photos are of fair quality . i printed some at 8 x 10 and they looked decent : however , if very-high quality photos are what you are after this is not the camera for you . again , this is definitely for the snap-and-shoot-for-memories crowd , not for people who want to win photography awards . the miniscule pop-up flash is amazingly powerful . i also looked at the sanyo which has a competing sd model with a higher still photo resolution ability , but it does not have any motion compensation ability . given how small these cameras are , it is not possible to hand-hold without jiggling it a lot , so i ruled the sanyo out . okay , now the negatives . there are quite a few , but for what it does i still found this to be the best camera for my purposes : ( 1 ) the camera does not record well in low-light conditions , i 'm sure due to the light required for 3ccd color processing and the small size of the lens ( cost of being compact ! ) . filming indoors requires pretty good light to ensure decent videos . my christmas tree light pictures were disappointing , and my backlit scenes came out looking like shadow-puppet plays . ( 2 ) the cost of buying additional 4gb cards is high , and i am worried about misplacing them because they are so small . ( 3 ) i experienced wide swings in over - and under-exposed still photos using the flash , although i was ( usually ) able to balance the brightness and contrast with my photo editor . i 'm sure this is partly due to not being used to the camera yet , but the whole idea is not to have to worry about such things . flash fill-in on backlit subjects works amazingly well . ( 4 ) the lcd display on the camera is not synchronized to the same level of brightness and contrast as your tv set or your pc , which you will have to adjust upwards during playback . thankfully , my sony tv allows custom adjustments for each input source . ditto when you are creating dvd's ...you will need to increase the brightness and contrast to match what you see when playing back a scene through the camera 's own lcd viewer . ( 5 ) there is no still photo zoom playback on the camera ( at least i have not found it yet ) . frequently , i think a snapped photo comes out okay , only to realize when " zooming " the image on the pc to review the details that it is slightly blurry and i need to retake it . ( 6 ) you will need to use the included software to view the mpeg2 videos , as mpeg2 is not an included driver in the editing tools i 've reviewed . ( 7 ) there was no still photo editing software included , only video software . i supposed panasonic assumes everyone has their own photo editing software already , but i didn't . my canon photo editing software works for these photos , so i am using that . ( 8 ) finally , the battery fits inside an enclosed compartment , so you are not able to buy an extended battery pack . since there is no energy required for running a hard drive , dvd burner or tape , admittedly the batteries seem to last longer before recharging , but i still ca n't see taking a trip with less than 2-3 packs . i guess i will be spending extra on more batteries ! even with these drawbacks , there is no doubt that this is an amazing sleek winner with really no competitor in its class that i intend to use heavily at home and on my travels 
software neg 901.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out 
dvd neg 979.txt 18th century opera dressed in 20th century clothe not my cup of tea 
books neg 614.txt 18 jun 2005 as the book progressed , it got more and more egoistic , to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book . i am surprised that there was so little mentioned of hakeem . shaq 's attitude seems to be that since he can score , he does not respect centers who ca n't score . whereas he respect bill russell . but he does give kobe his fair share of spotlight . the other book i read was an unabashed hype of shaq , so this is a big improvement . 
books pos 532.txt i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations 
dvd neg 453.txt hands down the worst episode of the masters of horror television show . it 's dull , boring , and not scary . it will leave you scratching your head saying " that 's all ? " do n't even bother with this dvd . it 's a waste of your precious time . 
camera neg 333.txt i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying " cheese " . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $200 purchase i 've made 
books neg 683.txt " tourists are learning that the image of the terrible turk is false , created to a great degree by it unfriendly neighbors . turks are quick to remind visitors that , surrounded by syria , iraq , iran , armenia , georgia , bulgaria , and greece , they 're not living in mr. rogers ' neighborhood . " this is a direct quote . it sounds like they 're trying to say that the surrounding countries are painting an incorrect negative image of turkey . which is amusing , since he listed both greece and armenia there , which were both targeted by turkey . either this writing staff has no idea what they 're writing and is just happy to sell books , thinking no one will double check the info , or they 're racist and opinionated . either way , i would n't trust the info in here even as a rough guide on where to go . 
camera neg 771.txt if you want a nice camera that works well for 15 months , then look no further . but mine died completely and is headed for the electronic recycling bin . i did n't realize i was getting a disposable when i bought it 
dvd pos 645.txt this movie helps brings to life what you have read in the bible about john and future world events . you must see this movie 
music pos 85.txt well , here we are . one of the true works of the electronic genre in the 90 's , " lifeforms " is true sonic adventure . this is obviously some of the best work that fsol ever did . " lifeforms " is a double album of electronic and ambient moments spliced together , interchanged and meshed . for ambient work , it has a lot of randomness and bright detail thrown in at a rapid pace . there is a lot of energy and terse grab to the songs , despite their being ambient . it is very original , i praise originality in music . give it a try , put on some " flower " " bird wings " or some " elaborate burn . 
books neg 461.txt very poor book , realy a waste of time . the review below said it all 
health neg 65.txt there are no energy drink ingredients in this stuff . it 's sugar water with a miniscule amount of vitamin c . a completely pathetic rip-off marketing hype which sadly is being sold as a troop supporting product . supporting the troops should not involve buying garbage sugar water at high prices . if you want an energy drink try rockstar or monster . if you want to support the troops buy a savings bond 
books pos 399.txt i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well . 
health pos 701.txt i 'm a vain , 39 year old male and started using this product ( in combination with another highly regarded anti-wrinkle product ) about three months ago . this daily application replaced a daily application of facial conditioner / moisturizer . i was hoping some barely noticable forehead wrinkles would go away . no such luck . i notice a definite reduction in wrinkle depth in the morning , before i shower , but by mid-day , the wrinkles have returned to their normal state . does this really work ? ! i suppose the only way to truly find out if this stuff works is to use it on only half the face and see the effect over time . in all fairness , i must mention that my face now routinely feels softer and smoother and less oily than before . that 's why i rated this product a four instead of a three . but the frickin ' wrinkles are still there ! let me see all that clinical research all these skin care experts are touting . 
music pos 657.txt in many ways , this album is everything one would have expected- - somehow the natural successor to " no pussyfooting " and " evening star " . in other ways , its nothing like i would have expected- - the usual stamps of fripp and eno 's recent work seems to be missing . its really quite hard to largely identify the identity of the musician generating the sound on much of this material , there 's obvious stuff ( we 'll come to that in a minute ) , but as a rule , the backgrounds could be either of them . sonically , it moves through a number of backdrops , with delicate , percussive , synthish loops dominating the early part of the record ( " meissa " , " lyra " , " tarazed " ) , wheras the middle of the record feels more like their old collaborations updated , the sort of modern fripp soundscapes being more apparent ( " lupus " , " ankaa " ) . the remainder of the album features on track that is totally unexpected , the downright funky " altair " , with its train shuffling rhythms , drum loops , and funky guitar ( in ways similar to material from the eno / schwaum " drawn from life " record ) , and the closer , " terebellum " , is an aggressive , haunting , and almost angry sounding piece almost reminiscent of " radiophonics " or the other more aggressive soundscapes . over this material , fripp largely solos using a variant of his legendary fuzz tone- - its a bit mellower , and rounder though , similar to his leads on " starless " and " the power to believe part ii " but in a more hushed feel . so that tells not much , the real question is , what 's it like ? largely an ambient affair , the collaboration is what you 'd expect- - there 's no real incindiery moments here- - do n't look for a " baby 's on fire " , but it is comparable to their previous collaborations in quality , and it certainly sounds nothing like crimson . some of it is full of delicate beauty ( " lyra " ) , some of its just a blast ( " altair " ) , some of its actually quite hard to listen to at all ( " terebellum " ) . for fans of ambient music , especially the work of these two gentelemen , this one will be quite rewarding . it falls short somehow of being a masterpiece , but it is really a great record . recommended 
music pos 77.txt i feel bad doing this becuase i love iggy and the stooges but the quality on this set is pretty bad . all the live recordings are worth listening to and probably owning but the quality is very rough and can get frustrating . it 's like the first beatles anthology set : the material is amazing but the quality is bad . on the plus side the studio outtakes are decent quality wise and amazing content wise . the packaging is also very nice . i just though i 'd share this information before you drop all the money on the set . if you are a stooges fan do n't hesitate purchase now but if this is your introduction you should probably wait . 
camera pos 167.txt this is the first slr camera that i have ever owned . i bought it because i was going on a trip around the world , wanted a nice camera , and had it recommended by a camera shop owner . it is extremely easy to use , so easy that i could hand the camera to someone in one of the countries i visited , point to the button they needed to push and i ended up with a great picture . i did n't need to explain a thing . i also did n't mind carrying it around all day , it is very light for its size . i have owned the camera for four years now and it still takes beautiful pictures . i have taken all sorts of pictures with this camera , from landscapes to action shots and they all turn out great . the action shots are never blurry ! the only complaint that i have is that the autofocus does not work well in low lighting , sometimes it is slow and sometimes it wo n't work at all . in these cases i just turn on the manual focus option . all the options that the camera has are great , but to be honest i rarely use them . i 've found that it is often easier to use manual focus than to adjust the camera so it will autofocus off center . if i know that i 'm going to be taking action shots or landscapes i will set the camera to that mode , but often i forget and my pictures still look great . i think that this is an excellent camera , especially for someone that is used to a point and shoot but wants the extra quality that a slr camera can give them . there are also many choices when it comes to additional lenses , so when the photography bug gets you , this camera can stay with you 
health pos 450.txt have n't had to clean it yet and it keeps the humidity level in out daughter 's room between 41 and 53%. we have had it for 3 months now and no problems at all . works as advertised and worth every penny 
dvd neg 968.txt i 've been a longtime fan of seagal 's movies , but i was greatly disappointed by this film . first , there were clearly sections where steven seagal 's voice was done by a different actor who sounds nothing like him . ( clearly done when the film was cut together after the main filming ) it was surprising that they could not take the time to get seagal to do the vocal tracks for those sections . there were also very few action sequences that demonstrated seagal 's skills with martial arts . in many ways , this film was more of a slasher flick than an action film . little action , but lots of bloody corpses lying about . i enjoyed black dawn far more , and feel it was a much better made film 
books pos 498.txt the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition . 
music pos 816.txt with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best 
camera pos 62.txt my cousin 's wife is a professional studio photographer who occasionally lends out her lenses to me for clothing / lifestyle photoshoots ( i 've been pretty active in this area for some time , just now starting to go full digital ) , and i 've used the f / 2.8l about four or five times and this is one of the best lenses i 've used . period . shooting wide open allows you to retain high shutter speeds for night shots , as well as get very interesting and vibrant long shutter shots ( of crowds , the freeway at night , etc ) . when shooting action shots , the tripod mount can get in the way of zooming and focusing , but it can be removed easily enough . i personally just purchased the f / 4.0l , which , coupled with a relatively wide max aperture and shooting at either 1600 or 3200 on my 20d , should do nicely , but i still rate the 2.8 high up on my list 
camera pos 388.txt i 'm a former 35mm photographer who 's a little older and not as spry as i once was and i eventually got out of the habit of lugging a case of equipment everywhere i went . i got re-energized in photography with digital but a small compact point and shoot left me wanting more . digital slr 's are pricey and as a friend pointed out i 'd be back to lugging a case of equipment around me with her . she recommended this model and the more i looked at it the more i liked it . it is a fixed lens model , but with a 12:1 optical zoom what other lenses would really need . it start up fast , zooms and focuses internally so there is no moving barrel to have to hold on to . it has just about every feature an advanced amateur could want . it does macro . and it has an optical stablization system that works as advertised . so far i have n't come across anything that it ca n't do . this is a nice unit for an advanced amateur or even semi-pro who does n't want to go full digital slr yet . 
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do . 
dvd pos 4.txt at 23 years of age , i can truly say that i have been a lifetime fan of sesame street . watching the 3-dvd set of sesame street - old school , vol . 1 has been both nostalgic and enlightening . because i was born practically a decade after most of the material on this set originally aired , i expected most of the content to be new to me ( i was barely a year old when mr. hooper 's death was explained to the world ) , but that was not the case . many of the short films and interstitials were familiar ( and not just because i used to watch sesame unpaved on noggin ) to me as a viewer from the mid-1980s , and i think that just underscores the quality the show has exhibited from the beginning . sesame street truly revolutionized children 's programming , not just because it was educational , but because it was ( and remains ) entertaining , not pandering . i 'll admit , seeing gordon with an afro , orange oscar and the first few tries at big bird 's head still freak me out a bit ( as they did when i saw them on noggin several years back ) , but the show itself is just as good as i ever remembered , something that cannot be said for most nostalgia entertainment ( like transformers or he-man or jem ) . the set contains five full episodes from the first five seasons , and 54 ( the liner notes are incorrect , they should have asked count for help ) bonus clips . the set also includes the 25 minute pitch-film that was made before the series originally aired , explaining sesame street 's message and motive . although the episodes have a disclaimer that it is not necessarily intended for today 's pre-school children , i believe they would probably enjoy " classic " street even more than the current lineup of shows . the fact that today 's pre-schoolers may be more advanced than the sesame street of yore can really be attributed to sesame street itself , and that 's pretty cool . still , i personally appreciate that the aim of the set is at adults , because so many of us associate our childhood with sesame street . a booklet is included that gives a brief overview of the series from the first five years and i found it informative . according to muppet central , a few sketches were altered or removed for music copyright issues ( one with stevie wonder , one with rogers & hammerstein ) , but because i never saw the originals , i found nothing amiss . what astounded me more than anything was that at the end of the first five years , more than 600 episodes of the show had been produced . no wonder they ca n't release full seasons ! although the full-length episodes are great , my favorite part are the additional sketches from each respective season . seeing kermit sing " bein ' green " in its original form , the " bread , milk and butter " cartoon and the " in in the sky with diamonds " parody is a real treat . the picture quality is great - - especially considering the program 's age ( and the fact that it was one of the first programs to be recorded on video , although film was used for most of the interstitials ) - - i doubt the show ever looked as good as it looks right now . the sound quality is good too - - mono of course - - but clear and crisp . overall , i highly recommend this set for anyone who loves or loved sesame street . for those who were born after these episodes aired ( like me ) , looking back at the beginning is really special . it is clear that everyone involved had a true love for teaching and interacting with children and taking television to another level 
health neg 467.txt i have been using cross product for lat 15 years . this product which is made in china , has highly disappointed me . the finish of the pen is very poor . gold plating is of a poor quality . it has some patches of a different color . the body has sharp edges . overall it has spoilt my impression about cross products . regards r.p. kal 
camera neg 689.txt so this was my first digital camera , got it last july for my birthday . i go to a lot of concerts , so i needed a camera that could take pictures in not good light and take pics of moving subjects . well , two days after i got it , i was at a festivale watching my fav band perform and the the screen went white . it would still take pics , only you couldnt see them . after changing the batteries and turnign it off and on , it went back to normal . alarmed , i called samsung and they told me the couldnt do anythign until it was white again . it only did it a couple of times after that so i never called again . but that was only one thing wrong with it . this is a horrible camera for concerts , the pictures are always blurry . shoot , even when im at my house the pics still come out blurry sometimes . tuesday i went to see my fav band again , and the dumb thing goes white . it woudnt stop , no matter how many times i turned it off and on again . now the flash is broke and i 'm ready to throw it against the wall . you ca n't trust this camera . you never know when it will take good pics or bad pics.i wouldnt even consider buying this camera for a minute ! 
dvd neg 654.txt this is arnolds fakiest film . i mean , a demigod ? i ca n't believe this at all...fakiest film . yes arnold is in peak condition in this film , but his other films are simply a little easier to swallow...come on arnold , no one talks back to zeus 
books neg 507.txt reading through john irving 's " the cider house rules , " i found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity . in obtaining a bachelor 's degree in english , i had to read a lot of books . among them were many books that i did not like , but never before had i read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety . every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along . people become pregnant , have abortions , and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens . this goes way beyond mere foreshadowing . the book does n't flow naturally , you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows , playing the puppet master . there are just so many coincidences , so many old friends just happening to run into eachother , so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly , all of the characters vaguely , distantly connected to eachother . i do n't want to spoil the plot , but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the eames ( rhymes with screams ) family is just too much coincidence to bear . it 's as though the author is god , and the characters completely lack free will . and then there 's the " protagonist , " homer wells . i put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story , homer wells barely does anything in the story . he barely even speaks during the story . he is virtually a non-character , devoid of personality or will , around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve . the scenes that do not involve homer wells at all , and they make up the majority of the book , are without fail the most interesting scenes . i think that the real protagonist of the book is dr. larch , but even melony seems more real than homer does . the story is very long and rambling . subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on . minor characters keep popping into the story , then disappearing , only to pop back into the story exactly when they 're needed . conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten ( like the situation with debra pettigrew ) . after such a rambling , at times rather boring plot , the ending feels rather rushed . it is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything , tie up every loose end , in the last 25 pages ( and tying up loose ends , in this case , means a lot of people conveniently dying ) . to spoil the plot just a little , homer wells , who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul , suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion . i personally am pro-choice as well , but i found that homer 's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters 
software neg 153.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe . 
software pos 797.txt there have been enough changes for the better to make this product well worth the purchase , installation , & learning curve 
music neg 90.txt afi used to be a pretty good band . then , they decided to go emo-girlie-boy . the lead singer has made adramatic change from smelly-goth-dude to perfect-manicured-emo-girl / guy . what happened to smeely-goth-dude ? some of us actually like the music , not the " emoness " . not only that , but " miss murder " was waaaaay overplayed , and now it is encrested into my brain . i mean , come on , it 's not even that good of a song . afi is looking to appeal to the mainstream . there 's nothing wrong with that , if you keep your old sound , which this band has failed to do . this , my friends , is afi 's worst album , if not hte worst album of 2006. check out the older afi stuff . " sing the sorrow " is okay , but if you want truley good music , you have to go back into their ninties albums 
dvd pos 95.txt moving , intelligent , realistic , not overly acted ( as could quite easily have been the case ) . about a 20 year old who has gone off the rails to come back onto them again...you see why this has happened , feel sympathy , and just want him to do well when the film ends . a story about hope , in a world with little. . 
dvd neg 956.txt i collect 1950s era sci-fi and i have been replacing my vhs versions with dvds . unfortunately , i need to keep my vhs version for this movie because the print that image entertainment made this from was in such poor shape . the vhs version by uav entertainment ( the wade williams collection ) is much better . hopefully , uav will come out with a dvd version soon 
software neg 369.txt i 'm responsible for 10 computers at our organization . last year we purchased norton antivirus 2006. it was such a resource hog that it stopped our older computers ( 550 mhz ) from working and i had to uninstall from all computers . after reading reviews that said 2007 was leaner , i tried to install this on 6 computers . only 1 install went without problems . installing on three other computers took 3 days , and i 'm still not through with computer 5. sometimes the program wo n't install . once it crashes during install , it leaves behind broken code that prevents reinstall unless you use the norton uninstall tool , which removes all norton products . so in addition to uninstalling and reinstalling antivirus , you also have to reinstall norton ghost or any other norton products . on the computer i 'm still fighting with the install went smoothly , but during the update the program hung up and now i ca n't open norton antivirus . even worse , when i open a word document , the norton antivirus starts scanning the document and freezes the computer . what a nightmare 
books pos 154.txt " the case for faith " is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as " un-put-downable " as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : " does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? " and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : " but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! " perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , " the case for.. . " no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man . these techniques worked excellently in " the case for a creator " and " the case for christ , " but less well in " the case for faith . " there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator . in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults - - when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults - - but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled " church history is littered with oppression and violence " was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all . the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace " weak " christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though . 
software neg 415.txt microsoft continues their legacy of software that does n't work . i 've been using windows since the very beginning and 2000 professional and windows xp was about the only solid operating systems microsoft has released . you would expect this so called upgrade to further improve upon this , instead it is many steps backwards . btw , i have a 4400 amd , 3 gigs of ram , and can say that vista is slow slow slow . be prepared for everything to run slower than it did on xp . cool interface , about the only positive thing about vista i have found so far . searches are also much faster , but hardly a reason to upgrade . be prepared for windows updates after installing vista that actually cause once working drivers to stop working . i 'm tempted to go back to xp , so needless to say a big waste of time and effort . 
software neg 109.txt be advised , this software is for a single user , only licensed for one computer . i bought this for home use after using ss% for 2 years and v-com said it would no longer be supported of 03 / 06. i installed it on 2 home computers , it worked fine for 4 weeks , then it popped up a box on my second computer that i couls not use it because it was licensed on another computer , i needed to buy additional license for each computer . when i tried to use it on my main computer , it popped up the same message . so now it will not work on either computer . i uninstalled it and sent it back . just because it 's cheap does not mean it 's any good 
books neg 988.txt margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all . beauty , popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home . yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.she is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them . she has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day . her life takes a different turn when she meets danny . he is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated . he is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely , yet they both start a bond with each other . the book was interesting but after awhile i got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters 
camera neg 885.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
dvd neg 708.txt i give this movie 1 star because it lies to the viewer . this movie is not bram stoker 's dracula , but a rip-off of the character and then puts the modern spin on the story . if it was named something else or even kept the name dracula out of it to begin with but called him a different name i 'd give it 5 stars . if you want to see the real dracula story first read the actual book by bram stoker , then watch the silent film nosferatu . nosferatu is the only dracula movie that gets the story right . dracula is a monster , he 's not a star crossed lover at all and was n't intended to be . people wanted there to be some hidden message so they could justify a reason for their otherwise worthless literature degree but there simply is n't one . it 's a horror tale , not a vieled porn book , and certainly not a love story . if anything the ones that fail to understand dracula time and again are his victims who fall prey to his seduction by being anthropomorphic toward him 
books pos 222.txt this book is as close to perfect as you can get . i personally like magical realism and also wanted to learn more about the recent history of india . worth noting , the mistry book , a fine balance , while good , is basically a full on rip off of this book . if you want the original , read rushdie . mistry should be ashamed . his is not even a different take , it is just another take of the same image and not as good 
software pos 504.txt why not have the best possible operating system for the best possible computer . while this os is not the top of the line today , it was when i bought it . if you buy the mac , it pays to have the best operating system . stay current . the hardest jump was from os 8 to os 9. i was unable to bring any of my peripherals with me . now it is seamless . like they say , just " plug n play . 
dvd pos 661.txt my 2 yr old daughter has been watching the einstein movies ( baby&little ) since she was born . we just got this and the second she saw it come in the mail she was running around the house excited , not able to wait for her 5 yr old brother to get home to watch it . she has all the little eistein movies except for the one that has the ones from the tv show . she watches them almost everyday and loves when she gets a new one . these are great movies for little kids to learn . she has be larger vocabulary then most 2 yr olds . little einstein is a great way for children to learn about a variety of things before they start school . 
dvd neg 964.txt im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced to the movie world ? this movie is awful between the bad acting and the annoying music playing during talking scenes its flat out frustrating.rusty james brother in this movie acts like a mental case for you peole that havent seen this he dies in the end ( i just saved you an hour and a half of your life cause now you wont have to waste it on this crappy movie ) .between the bad music the bad acting and the plot / storyline going all over the place in this movie its seriously like being on a bad acid trip.what a waste of money and time on this one.ill donate mine to goodwill or the garbage can..not worthy of my movie collection 
books pos 752.txt i have read this book daily for almost 20 years . the original book , given to me in 1979 is somewhat worn and now i require a replacement . it has been and will remain my first reading each day 
health neg 388.txt i bought this for my lower back . i am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time . it is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other . however , the inner pad bunches up tremendously . i have used it for a few weeks now , and have to take the cover off to " open " the pad back up by stretching it out again . it has n't gone back to the original shape . if i had known it would do this , i would have never purchased it . 
health neg 565.txt i have tried other products before and this one gets the whitest results the fastest . however , i was in so much pain about 5 hours afterwards that it even hurt to swallow advil . i used sensodyne and a flouride mouthwash to try to help , but nothing seemed to work . the taste is n't bad and i used the bleach with my own trays that i had made by my dentist , so it did n't leak out or touch my gums . my teeth were n't sensitive while i was using it or even right afterwards , but later in the day . if you have sensitive teeth , i do not recommend this product unless you are willing to go through the pain 
health neg 669.txt i wanted a good reading lamp and bought this lamp after doing a bit of research . after taking the very heavy lamp out of the box and assembling it , i turned it on to find that it gives off very little light . i thought it might be something i would need to get used to and sat down that night to read only to find that my eyes were straining under the light . i tried using the lamp during the day / twilight and found that the illumination of the lamp was barely noticable . though it was quite a feat to put the lamp back into the box it was shipped in , i returned it to amazon which is something i rarely do 
health pos 985.txt i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed 
camera neg 300.txt have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu 
books neg 33.txt if you are looking for a book that does a cover to cover job of bashing western civilization with complete and obvious bias , this is it . 
books neg 89.txt it all depends on who you are if you will like this book . republicans will like it but democrats or people with brains won't . 
music pos 328.txt this cd has so much going on and going for it - it 's one of the number one releases this year for jazz fans . lee ritenour is one of those guitarists who sculpted much of the west coast evolutions in jazz during the 80 's and you can hear why people followed his flavor on these tracks . he 's never sounded better and the musicians who contributed with him on this cd are tight and magnificent in their own right . " blue in green " is one of my favorite jazz compositions by miles davis and ernie watts on tenor sax more than does it justice . " ocean ave . " is as breezy and beachy as i think it 's meant to be . my favorite tracks are easily " she walks this earth " ( ivan lins ' vocals are bossa nova beautiful ) , " blue in green " and predictably for me " papa was a rolling stone " with powerful , crystal clear , unique trumpet by chris botti and soulful , rhythmic vocals by kenya hathaway and grady harrell . i went looking for that track because i am transfixed by chris botti 's trumpet and what i found was a remarkable cd in its entirety . happy me . ; 
camera pos 436.txt i bought this item for a present , and the person really liked it ! ! . he uses it to watch deer , and other animals . the focus is very good , and i am very happy that i bought this product ! 
music neg 81.txt i 've listened to this piece of work several times , in many positions , on various stero systems , during different moods and i just ca n't understand the lyrics half the time and the arrangements were best described as ' a wall of mud' . it is n't a question of country music , or contemporary music , with elh she has demonstrated throughout the years she just loves , and respects , good music . the music is good , the woman has impeccable taste but this time i had wished she sat in on the mixing process . i think i understand the aim of this collection but geez , i wish i didn't . i am too accustomed to hearing elh 's clear voice slice to the heart of the lyrics , take them and present them with a totally unique perspective . i wo n't start on her own playing because this review would be nothing but gushing about her near-total mastery of her craft . she 's an amazing woman , artist and collaborator - - i love her because she is everywhere in music : supporting new artists , doing background for others , her duets are gems of generosity with respect for her fellow artists , while always doing what 's best for the song . i just hope there 's no follow up to wb . i 'm very happy with my other 8 elh cds and i 'm in awe of ' all roads running ' and my [...]is going to be front center next week in los angeles . it 's like waiting for xmas 
books neg 621.txt this book is best used for viewing its selection of master drawings many of which are superb . however , its written text is filled with multitudes of factual errors and pseudo-intellectualizations . it should be noted that this book was not written by hale ; it was written by one of his students and lacks the quality of hale 's classic , " drawing lessons from the great masters . " instead , this book loses itself in unimportant , erroneous anatomical minutia which will baffle , confuse , frustrate and ultimatly demoralize the motivated reader . it greatly misses the mark in both clarity and presentation of important anatomical theory 
music pos 918.txt dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime ! 
books pos 570.txt this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc. the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it 
camera pos 556.txt the case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera 's ability to store and transport easily . it 's definately worth the dough to keep your nikon s1 or s2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall 
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap 
camera pos 577.txt when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly . 
books pos 788.txt this was an inspiring book for a horse lover and christian . everything was as advertised 
camera pos 37.txt i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed 
camera neg 763.txt i bought this camera for christmas and it is absolutely horrible ! it takes really bad quality pictures and it has a very noisy lens . it 's a great looking camera but the screen is only 2 inches which is very small . this camera is not a good buy for it 's class 
software neg 608.txt i have used turbo tax for about 20 years and have loved it . in the past it was user-friendly , efficient and complete - it even printed out all the forms i needed - ready to send to the irs . as usual , i purchased it this year . the format changed and is n't nearly as user friendly as in years past . you have to manually select the walk-through feature , section by section and it 's very easy to miss sections . when i got to the end , it would n't let me do a review for errors until i updated the version . but , i do n't have internet at home and could n't update . it crashed my computer 3 times before i skipped the review totally . ( god only knows what else i skipped in the process . ) when i went to print the forms - again it nagged me that the software was inferior and needed to be updated . again , i skipped it but the pages printed out with a nasty watermark saying the forms were n't updated and could n't be used . i ca n't use these . i ca n't send them to the irs . so , i have to find irs forms and manually insert the information myself . so , why did i spend money for the software ? ? why would they sell a product that you ca n't actually use ? yes , it 'll " prepare " my forms . but , what good is that if i ca n't print them out ? why would they sell a product that was already so obsolete that you ca n't use it without contacting the company for another version ? absolutely - run - do n't walk - run run run away from this product . do n't buy it because it simply does n't work . i wo n't use turbo tax again . they have lost a faithful and long time customer 
health neg 344.txt after a very positive review by a popular consumer magazine , i purchased this scale . on the unit i received , the upper weight range appears to be overstated by some 20 lbs . the scale i was previously using and the one in my doctors office clearly have my weight below the 300 lb limit . i have been lifting weights and somewhat discouraged by the scale alone . i wanted to see if i was having an impact on body fat so i purchased this scale . when i attempt to use this scale , it errors out with the ol code . perhaps the magazine should retract another article 
software neg 843.txt i was able to install most of ms office but am having printer conpatability problems . i was n't able to install vitural pc properly and get error messages when i boot up . i 'm going to have to the mac store genius bar to get the problems straightened out . all in all i think that every thing will work ok but i 'm going to have yto travel over 50 miles to get it fixed . maybe it 's best to stick with mac software for macs . i 've never has a problem installing them 
dvd neg 388.txt obviously , the music featured here is of high-quality . hardly sign of the times transcendent , but nonetheless very exciting ( as was typical of prince 's 2002 tour ) . unfortunately the director does his / her upmost to ruin everything for you with sub-bootleg grainy picture quality and warped sound , hamfisted camera angle switches , bizarre washed-out colors , some horribly cheesy effects and cuts . for a band featuring nothing but incredibly dextrous musicians who play with an enormous level of detail and complexity , it 's a shame the director clearly has n't the faintest idea how to shoot a concert let alone one featuring musicians of this caliber . hey prince , just so you know....your diy " npgmc " approach is only impressive if with it you can match what you 'd been able to do had you still had the financial might of a major behind you . if it looks this amateurish then you just look , well...amateurish . and your talents are not worthy of anything even close to amateur-level presentation . the bootleggers you despise so much put far greater care into the stuff they put out than you obviously could be bothered to do with this . i mean really , you re-shot sign of the times in its entirety at paisley park after the rotterdam / antwerp footage was not up to par : i find it hard to believe that original footage was any worse than this . hardcore prince fans such as myself will want it despite this , but casual fans ( especially those not familiar with the more obscure prince material that makes up most of this concert ) should definitely avoid . 
books neg 27.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her ! 
camera neg 571.txt the product features are ok , but the screen is very small . also , the resolution needs to be better . the photos were very grainy . an impressive looking product with not so impressive output 
software pos 839.txt i bought this and i think it is a very good game but , i can not really continue the game because i lose money trying to get some by doing the 5 things . i am going to keep on trying to finish the game . if you are really good at solving games and love horse i would get this game . and anyone can try it and if you keep on trying it you can win the game 
health pos 42.txt as an emergency nurse practitioner and paramedic , i cannot emphasize enough the importance of getting electricity to an adult who is suffering from cardiac arrest . technology is moving quickly to get electricity to the cardiac arrest victim earlier and earlier - - and the survival rates and quality of life rates after such an arrest are sky rocketing accordingly . is there too much direct-to-consumer marketing by medical-related companies ? probably . is your personal risk for experiencing sudden cardiac arrest per calendar year low ? definitely . ...but do those smug reviewers refuse to buy vehicles with airbags in them just because their risk of being in an accident is low and the direct-to-consumer marketing is irritating to them ? no ! those will be the same folks who want their cars with anti-lock breaks , airbags , the best side-impact reinforcements.. . and being a good driver ( ie , " just improve your diet " ) wo n't cancel their risk for being in an accident . i hope you never have to use this machine , but as an emergency healthcare worker - - both pre-hospital and in the emergency room - - i cannot say enough positive about aed 's in the community setting ! do n't run out and purchase this out of paranoia , however if yuo are at risk for a sudden cardiac event consider if this would be appropriate for you , your family members , your apartment building , your church , etc. ...and rest assured that it is absolutely safe - - it is impossible to hurt a loved one with this , you can only help . ...and to those who gave negative reviews on this aed ? do n't forget to pay your car insurance ! .. 
health pos 756.txt nice mirror . good magnification . solid construction . my only change would allow vertical adjustability to allow flexibility in positioning on the wall . i had to move a picture to position it at the correct height 
health pos 897.txt i love this soap , it 's a little big and hard to hold during shower , but the smell totally makes up for it ! it has a very strong ( but good ) grapefruit smell , it 's very fresh and rinses completely off 
camera pos 706.txt i am very satisfied with this purchase . it is exactly what i wanted . i purchased 5 more as business gifts for important clients 
books neg 17.txt i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th 2002 , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : " let freedom ring " with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of " let freedom ring , " i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a 4 year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called " president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . " its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling . 
dvd neg 273.txt do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! ! 
music neg 354.txt it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're 40 right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in 10 years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together 
health neg 265.txt i was quite pleased with this alarm clock until recently when i found that it was consistently waking me up one hour early . i tried fiddling with the dst setting and then changing the alarm and clock times just a little but without fail it would wake me an hour earlier than i wanted . the brightness may be a problem for some people but i found it reasonable . overall a good docking station , but a poor alarm clock 
books pos 761.txt roger caras , a very talented writer and animal lover , takes us on a tour of thistle hill , his farm in northern maryland . anyone who loves cats , dogs and other animals will love this book . its gentle humor and compassion are quite absorbing . i must confess to a certain amount of jealousy , though- -i would love to have a home like thistle hill farm 
books neg 218.txt this book is very disappointing , as is most of gunaratna 's work on islamist terrorism . it 's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear , ie . bin laden and aq are everywhere , responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups ( such as ji ) are aq franchises - total bollocks . the book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a " scholar " who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary 
software pos 707.txt i 've used several other protection packages over the years and am please to say that last year found trend micro . their internet protection is imho the best . easy to install , does n't eat up system resources , updates regularly , does n't conflict with other programs . currently installed on 6 systems and i have no complaints at all , only praise 
camera neg 682.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
camera pos 154.txt the previous review is not completely correct . the problem is not with the product but with the description what amazon.com put up for the canon cpm-e3 battery magazine . it is a battery magazine for the canon compact battery pack cp-e3 and not for the camera battery grip . i think the product itself is a great thing , it lets you switch the whole magazine with 8 preloaded batteries instead replacing the batteries in the canon compact battery pack cp-e3. the previous reviewer should not judge a product by the incorrect infromation given by a retailer 
health pos 912.txt i started using this several months ago after seeing it chosen as the best by consumer 's report . within a few weeks , i could see measurable improvement in my skin . sure , not all the deep wrinkles went away , but enough of the smaller ones smoothed away so my 58-year-old skin looks younger . my skin feels so much smoother and looks fresh . i 've had a lot of sun exposure from living in australia , south texas and florida , so i 'm thrilled to find a cream that does such a good job . lots cheaper too than many skin creams 
software neg 309.txt i had to work with a pc and windows because of my profession......architect. . my firms have always used architectural desktop . unfortunately , it only is compatible with a pc . now ! ! finally i purchased an exquisite imac. . and when need be , i can run architectural desktop on it in windows to get a few things done. . apple vs pc ? no comparison... . and my imac is so sexy it makes me smile. . so kill me . 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
dvd neg 368.txt unlike many of the reviewers here , i 'm not a biblical expert and really do n't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible . i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally . the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out . there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story ( and in some cases detracted from it ) . for instance , during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water , everyone goes a bit crazy . that 's an acceptable premise but it 's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors . the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it should n't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play . there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water ( between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water ) which undermined the entire story of the great flood . everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats . it was just plain silly and , again , seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary " spice " ( it did n't work as a means of jazzing up the story ) . i 'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals . this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad . to the movie 's credit , the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie does n't work . 
health pos 379.txt i absolutely love this stuff . i would recommend this to any person that has frizz . it makes my hair feel so silky smoothe . i started using it about 2 months ago and cannot stand to go without it . just use a little because it can make your hair look oily if you use too much and do n't put it close to the scalp either for the same reason . i tried the chi silk infusion because i thought they would be the same since they are both made by farouk but the chi is not nearly as good . i would give this 100 stars i could . 
health neg 825.txt i had heard that chocoleans were effective , but i was very disappointed . they taste good , but did n't satisfy my hunger or my sweet tooth . about the same as eating a piece of dark chocolate . i wound up gaining weight while using these 
dvd pos 107.txt one of the movies i like to watch over and over . jessica tandy played a great character in this movie . my order came real quick 
camera neg 490.txt it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so 
software neg 793.txt buyer beware . if you encounter a technical issue with this product and require a refund , you 're out of luck . they will send you in endless circles attempting to get a product refund . there are many other good products out there that do the same thing . it 's really easy to purchase , but impossible to get a refund 
camera pos 565.txt i was amazed on how well this battery has performed . i did make sure when i got it i did a complete charge and complete discharge and it has not let me down since . i can shoot well over two hours without needing to change to the very meek battery that came with my camcorder ( sony hdr-hc1 ) . it is thicker and sticks off the back a little bit more so you can not get your eye up to the eyepiece but i use the lcd when shooting anyway , and almost always on tripod 
software neg 36.txt i bought this software primarily so i could create slideshows with music and other special effects . since i got it , i have had nothing but problems . first of all , it would not install completely on my computer . the techs at adobe could not figure out the problem . after i reformatted my hard drive , i finally got photoshop to install properly . then another problem . when i burned my slideshow photos to a vcd , they came out just awful ( unlike adobe 's demo video showing a perfectly created slideshow . ) boy , was i deceived ! i cannot say that this software is all bad . it does a nice job in correcting exposure errors in digital photos . however , if you want to create neat slideshows , photoshop elements 4.0 is not worth the cost 
books neg 46.txt i was expecting this book to be a great story , but very disappointed . i cannot believe the publisher allowed the author to publish this book as it is . the book is insipid and dull , has no flow , no story , or no plot . let me present an example . i have read many insightful newsweek articles by a writer allan sloan . for example , sloan describes a sprint merger event in this way , " if talk is getting cheaper , why did mci worldcom pay $115 billion to buy sprint ? the once staid phone companies have launched a merger blitzkrieg in an effort to emerge at the center of the wired world . can regulators handle the complex new order.... . " it has a clear logical axis , and has a force to attract readers into it . but jeter describes it like this , " the merger announcement of worldcom and sprint spurred building activity around worldcom headquarters as real estate developers readied for economic prosperity . the real estate inventory swelled with new planned unit.... . " it always presents off-center , trivial detail which makes a reader bored . 70% of books are consumed to described a dry and dull fact , like " the merger of company a & b raised the stock to $x " etc. there is no insight here . but unfortunately , unlike enron scandal , there is no other book that centered on the worldcom scandal . you would get much better comprehension by collecting articles in newsweek or business week , if you have lexisnexis or ebiscohost . 
dvd pos 423.txt while it is certainly fun to watch just to see the performers , this history of rock simply does n't jell as a whole.by trying to explain the evolution of the music , the pleasure gets lost along the way.if you are a rock connaisseur , you wo n't learn many new things if you watch this.what you should do is take it as a starter point and then go further with documents who gets deeper with one particular field ( ex:motown or british invasion ) .as it is , it tries to cover too much ground at once and still manages to forget a few artists like emerson , lake and palmer and king crimson among others.it costs me $80 dollars ( canadian money ) for this 5 dvd set , which is too much for what it 's worth.rent it and enjoy the clips 
health pos 181.txt this is a great iron for a starter , but will not do it like a stylist . i have had it for at least 2 years so it will last also . the price is a little bit to high i only paid $ 19.99 for it at walmart.i know everyone has gotten used to shopping online because it is eay and always open , but i have to tell you that most of the things i have found on amazon are priced way to high . they used to be a great spot to get good stuff cheap but that is no longer true . i think it just kind of creeped up on us without us noticing what was going on . please folks go back out in to the world and start looking you will see that i am not wrong 
software pos 137.txt after using 7.0 for a few weeks i find that this is the best yet . the speed of opening attachments and the compression when making them is fabulous . i highly recommend anyone to upgrade to 7.0 
music pos 894.txt i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best . 
books neg 851.txt i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field 
software pos 662.txt i thought that i could never learn piano on my own . all the material that i ever looked into either did n't have enough information in it or was too complicated for its own good . because of this software , i am constantly learning new things , and slowly improving my skills as a future pianist . if you are a beginner , you want to buy this software . it 's done wonders for me 
books pos 882.txt ...in the beginnig of the 1930 's , the turks would have succeeded in making the whole world forget about the armenian genocide that took place in 1915 / 16. turkey did succeed in putting pressure on the us-government in 1933 though , when a movie was supposed to be made based on this book , so the then us-government again put pressure on mgm not to make this movie . a foreign government coerced censorship in the unites states : just imagine that ! i hope the the making of the movie 
health pos 845.txt i have three types of headlamps and i like this one the most . here is why : 1 ) it 's cheap , 2 ) it runs a long time on three aaa batteries , and 3 ) the red light is awesome . you can use the red light and still keep your " night vision " . i use it to read in bed becasue it is not as visible or distracting to others as a white light . my only problem with it is that the knobs are a little confusing , even after two years of use . i often have to twist twice to get the right setting . and i 'm usually good at that stuff 
health pos 138.txt daughter was very pleased when she received it unexpectedly , after her good news ! she 's very picky also...just loved the quality and organizational value of the set ! very nicely packaged . would highly recommend 
books pos 875.txt as a working mom , this was a book i could n't resist . of course , i do n't bear much of a resemblance to the mama in this story , but i think my toddlers ( both boys ) get the picture . the comforting notion seems to resonate with them that after a long day , mama will come home to the sweet bedtime routine . 
software neg 728.txt i have used norton virus protection and norton internet security for several years . i am currently running nis 2006. my experience with these products has not been good but out of fear i just renewed my subscription . since then i have had nothing but trouble with nis . since my renewal is within the grace period i decided to request a refund . i tried to do this on-line but found it an impossible waste of effort . their web site and support are as useless as their product . from norton internet security i clicked on support linked to their web site . once there , i tried to apply for a refund but their system did not recognize my subscription renewal order number . it did recognize my product order number for nis 2006 but that is not refundable so no help there . i gave up on requesting a refund and decided to contact support . if you click on " contact us " there are 2 options , telephone or email . telephone support was down because of an earthquake in taiwan . i decided to try email . i clicked on email and got the following security alert : there is a problem with this website 's security certificate . the security certificate presented by this website has expired or is not yet valid . security certificate problems may indicate an attempt to fool you or intercept any data you send to the server . we recommend that you close this webpage and do not continue to this website . click here to close this webpage . continue to this website ( not recommended ) . how ironic is that ? i know i was on their site because i navigated there by clicking on support in nis . you would think an internet security company could maintain their own security certificates . i 'm not surprised though because everything symantec does is designed to make you hate them . their product is abysmal . it bogs my system down to a crawl , disrupts the performance of other applications and hogs system resources . if you put nis on your computer you 'd better get used to staring at the hourglass icon for long periods of time , especially if you do n't have tons of virtual memory and hard disk space available . nortons ccapp retards start up forever and wo n't shut down when you want to log off . recently i had to reinstall my windows xp operating system . after that i had major problems with nis and had to uninstall it . it was then i realized how much better my system ran without it . i had already paid my renewal fee so i downloaded and reinstalled nis and have had nothing but trouble since . i tried to leave feedback on symantecs web site but typical of them , that does not work either . i wrote a long complaint , then clicked on submit . an error message came up saying to go back and correct the highlighted areas . when i clicked the back button all the text i had typed in was gone.. . just because i had failed to enter a subject line in the feedback report . i 'll be damned if i was about to type all that information back in again . if you buy nis you 'd better hope it works the first time . if you think your going to get good support from symantec or anything out of their website - think again . oh , and btw beware , symantec enrolls you for automatic renewal unless you go to their website and un-enroll . once they have your money just try to get it back . symantec sets up road blocks so you eventually just give up in frustration . this is how they make their money rather than by making a good product . 
software pos 276.txt was a fan of nortons till after reading reviews and going onsite to check out this anti-virus package , it just has more to offer and less of a resource hog 
music pos 779.txt i do n't own this cd . i do n't have to own it to review it , because this music is the soundtrack of my high school years . i lived this music . i listened to it while cruising the local shopping center indulging in - er - various activities . half of the bands on this cd i had the privilege of seeing perform live in the 70s . this is what fm radio sounded like back then . every single song on this cd was well known to me and my friends . yes , even black oak arkansas ( hot and nasty ! ) , nazareth ( get hair of the dog cd for more ) , and the runaways ( hot babes ! ) . oh , and i love the movie too . party on , dudes 
camera neg 914.txt i returned this item . i have not received notice that they did receive it back so i will have to wait and see if my credit card account is credited 
camera pos 20.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
software neg 795.txt i am really thinking of returning it to amazon . i think i will stick with good - 'ol ms word . you see i wanted a 12-page form and spent two days creating it . it 's a form to survey boats so it also had graphic areas for photos ( about 12 ) . well , all seemed fine until you printed a filled form to .pdf . the size of the created .pdf was near 10mb ! ( similary done with ms word resulted in a 1.2mb finished .pdf ) . well , i ca n't be e-mailing 10mb files ! i also recieved the book for the 5.0 filler which says it can use dragon naturally speaking ( i use that ) . i 'll be darned if i can figure out where that tool is , " you must activate voice recognition in the tool bar . " and , if you use dragon naturally speaking in the form filler area all sentences start out without capital letters , say and select does not work . ( i should note that dragon naturally speaking works flawlessly in ms word ! ) so , you manually have to go back and capitalize each sentence . finally , as others have said , there is no faq and generally no troubleshooting help on the scansoft web site . this is very poor for a near $100 product . there would be no way that i would spend $700 on their premium edition . 
camera neg 171.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
camera pos 499.txt i bought these binoculars for my dad for christmas , and he is absolutely in love with them . the distance it can handle is slightly above average , but the clarity is really where this thing shines . its very easy to use , and has held up reasonably well . i would recomend it to the casual user 
books pos 737.txt i should first confess my bias- -i have often been tickled and sometimes awed by mortimer 's way with english prose for 20 years . so , in picking up this book i had the high expectations one might have before meeting an old friend or beloved teacher . no disappointment . even if some of these essays are slightly less effervescent than others , all are at least wonderful , and several are both brilliant and touching . mortimer has given us a collection of short essays , conversational and often wryly funny , which he intends as a kind of spiritual bequeathal to his family and other heirs . the chapters range across a broad range of subjects , some perhaps outwardly frivolous , like the cooking of eggs . but in the main , mortimer touches on matters of great substance- -the nature of beauty , how to be happy , surprising ways in which our world has managed to be unjust , places and times for sex , how to dine sociably , the love of children , faith and reason , the terrors of the writer facing blank paper , and many more . i found these essays to be wise and absolutely delicious . i suspect that readers who have enjoyed rumpole , or mortimer 's other biographical essays like summer of a doormouse , or clinging to the wreckage , will be quite pleased with these sketches . mortimer may , sadly , be nearing the end of his life , but at present he seems to be on a literary tear . i , for one , wish him many more prolific years 
music neg 997.txt blues singers should n't try to go mainstream . if they do try and succeed , fine . that means they 've stayed true to their roots . when they try and fail ( as susan has done with hope and desire ) , one would hope they 'd try to get back to where they started . for me that was just wo n't burn . i guess when one is happily married with children , it 's hard to sing the blues since you 're not feeling them . . . you 're faking them 
health neg 322.txt design seems flawed a bit for the container . when you pull the cord out , it bumps the tank off sometimes . the tank also seems a little loose when mounted . i tried the newest ultra dental water pik type , but it only lasted 1 month then began to leak water 
software pos 70.txt i liked everything about this product except it is a little too slow at times . i always shoot with nikon raw format . it has hung a couple of times and i had to kill it after waiting for 10-15 minutes . 
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre 
books pos 987.txt this book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys exalted . the book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows . the book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses , that is the only way i can discribe it . there is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat , and then others that are . there is a section on warstriders , basicly single man " death machines " that basicly look like large metal robots . most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like . i do n't like saying that is what they look like because , well , this is rping people , things change by a player / gm 's perception . anyway , enough of my ramblings , this book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to royal class warstriders . this book is about gear in the world of exalted . p.s. it looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books . my best guess is that one will be for sorcery , but that is just one book . if you think of anything else , post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones 
software neg 368.txt unfortunately , it seems once you have downloaded nav 2007 , your whole computer will not function properly . internet explorer malfunctions , and i also received a blue screen ( fear of crash ) stating that what ever program was recently installed , i should reinstall it . i did so , but the problems did not go away . i called norton , they told me to run in safe mode without norton . my computer was back to normal , so it was norton causing all the problems . i unistalled it and went with another product , after spending the $60 and many hours with norton help desk . do n't believe me , do a search on any search engine , and you will see the many problems and no apparent solutions for this program ! ! up till now , i have only used norton , and never thought twice when buying the update . i 'm now moving on to another product 
software neg 34.txt being familiar with some adobe products , we opted to try this at work as a cheaper alternative than some other packages for simple web graphics work . boy , were we disappointed . simply put , this tool is not so much a tool , but a hindrance . utilities such as transparencies , are not only difficult to make work properly , but hidden in non-intuititve locations . dialogs are non-standard , which requires getting used to strange layouts in design . while seeminly small for just a couple items i 've mentioned , multiply this by the supposed feature set of the product and you start to get an idea of how cumbersome the tool really is . as has been mentioned by plenty of other people , it is also slow . if you want a simple image viewer , find anything else - even freeware , as i have never come across an image utility that takes so long to load , regardless of it is the first time or the umpteenth time . while i could go on about the unsatisfactory qualities of this product , i will simple reiterate what others had also said ; it is cumbersome to use , slow to use and load , un-intuitive with poor layout and design , and lacks many basic features one would expect in this form of utility . 
software neg 291.txt it is n't very user friendly . i have other software that is much easier ( adobe photo shop ) . this one will take some time and effort to get used to and work with . 
books pos 535.txt this is a cute tale of of young girl fantasizing about an adventurous and unfettered life , not a bitter anti marriage tirade . her suiters are symbols of adult responsibility , which she will ultimately grow into . in the meantime , she is having a good time . the story is funny , the illustrations lively and colorful 
music neg 805.txt well seeing all the reviews on here and being a former fan of sugar ray along with being bored to death at work i 've decided to write my own review . i believe sugar ray had something special with the first two albums as well but as time went by they have gradually gone from ultra-hip , i just wanna drink beer and cause trouble types , to oh so sappy songs about love and how heart break sucks , nothing that has n't been told a thousand times over . when i first hearsd sugar ray back in 97 i thought their sound was revolutionary , i bought floored and liked all the tracks and soon found myself buying the first album , then the third , fourth , and fifth albums came out , the third one was alright i bought it for the songs that were n't radio friendly such as glory , personal space invader , and burning dog ; and with the release of their fourth album i bought it as well , hoping that they would get back on formula ; yes as you might of guessed i was delusional ; their music had seemed to had gotten worse as predicted.....now with the release of their fifth album , they had already lost me as a fan so therefore , i give all three of the most recent albums of theirs a 1 / 5 stars for lack of originality 
music neg 104.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
dvd neg 158.txt i 'm puzzled as to why anyone should pay $59.39 for these three dvds that currently retail on amazon for $11.24 ( signs ) , $14.99 ( unbreakable ) , and $26.99 ( sixth sense* ) totaling $53.22 ? *there is also a less expenseive " collector 's version " of the sixth sense that only costs $14.99 if you 'd rather not pay the $12.00 for the " vista series " extras . i 'm also skeptical as to whether the version of unbreakable sold here has as much content as the vista series edition sold seperately that contains 2 discs ( i assume this edition does not because this box set only includes 3 discs , 1 per movie ) . i love the movies , but where 's the price break on buying them all together when the package is $6.17- $18.17 more than purchasing these dvd 's seperately ? ? ? 
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american 
camera neg 297.txt the product advertisement is misleading or incomplete ( no picture of the actual contents ) . the following quote is from fuji mall : " ac adapter : charge your batteries at home or around the world with the travel adapters . " what it fails to mention is that the charger is an external charger only , and you cannot power the camera or charge batteries while in the camera . i was looking for an ac adapter that i can power the camera ( and charge it 's batteries inside the camera ) . the nimh cells are not the 2500 ma / hr rating that comes with the e900 camera ( they are 2000 ma / hr , but this was noted in the product specifications ) . i teach a photography class and needed an ac adapter to power each camera used during the class while demonstrating . this product does not meet this criteria . it can however charge up to 4-aa batteries at a time , and includes an auto adapter which is handy . case is bulky , not small enough to tote an e900 conveniently when not bringing the charger equipment 
health neg 354.txt i went through 3 of these in less than 2 months . after about 2-3 weeks of use , the first two dryers would n't shut off when the switch was placed in the " off " position ; the dryers had to be unplugged to turn them off . the 3rd dryer just stopped working completely after about 2 weeks . i definitely do not recommend buying this product 
books neg 998.txt this book is a place to start at best . the main part of middle eastern cook that i find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices . this book calls for dried spices at times . the dishes do n't produce the food that i remember eating growing up with my family . the book is not a total loss , however . the spinach pies are acceptable . there are many other books out there that i would recommend first 
dvd pos 888.txt this is an imaginative take on the jack and the beanstalk story . while it was apparently made for kids , the story maintains enough complexity to keep adults interested ( i 'm 19 ) . plus as a female , i appreciate the fact that it 's one of the few stories where ( possible spoiler ) the damsel ( who 's in a different kind of distress than other fairy tale women ) rescues prince charming . well-acted , it features some great chemistry between sara and modine . but i still ca n't give it 5 stars . here 's why ( spoilers ahead ) : 1. i 'm no math person but why could n't the writers be consistent with when jack 's dad died ? one minute , they say he died 20 years ago but then they say he died when jack was 14. since jack is 37 , it shows that the writers ca n't do simple addition . could n't they just take two seconds to do the math ? 2. how the hell does siggy know about goose and harp ? i got the impression from wilhemina that jack 's dad did n't believe the story of the original jack . but apparently , jack 's dad told siggy not to tell him about the family 's dark secret until he was ready . i wish there was a more believable explanation for siggy knowing a lot more than he should . 3. if siggy is smart enough to know the all the robinson secrets , i think he should be able to catch on to the fact that jack is in love with ondine fairly quickly . i always wondered why he did n't try to kill ondine when he was so against jack having an heir . i understand that they had a time limit to the movie and maybe it would have been a bit scary for the little ones . do n't get me wrong , i do n't want ondine to die . i wanted nothing less than a happy ending for her and jack . but shooting her ( or at least threatening her ) would have been a great way to kick up the tension / suspense . 4. siggy 's accent and mannerisms were an attempt at comedy that completely fell flat . it was not funny and was a bit gratuitous . but if you 're a fan of romance , adventure , or just feel-good movies in general , those things should n't keep you from enjoying this film . do n't think too much about the plot holes - you 'll go insane if you do 
health neg 738.txt this is no doubt the worse product i have ever purchased from amazon . i would return it or perhaps i should throw in the trash . the weight varies if you step on it within a 10 minute interval enormously . it is horrible . 
books neg 361.txt this is a first person account of a trip to the arctic in the 1860 's narrated by a civil war deserter . within the first few pages , our hero enlists , pilfers letters off battlefield corpses , deserts , is injured in nyc draft riots , ends up in new bedford , ma and signs up on a sailing ship without ryhme or reason or knowing where it was going . the book was downhill from there . page after page described ice and the crew 's interminable struggles to get through . getting through the book was nearly as interminable . the reader never gets to know the narrator enough to empathize with him , or really understand him at all . thus , his struggles ring hollow and he evokes no sympathy during his struggles . there are elements of fantasy in the book . not enough to make it a fantasy , but enough to steer a reader off course . the scientist on the mission is after a warm garden of eden in the middle of the arctic . he is mad or it 's fantasy , it is hard to know until the end . there is a fantasy interlude when a character who has three hands ( the most likeable character in the book ) describes how he got his third hand . from that yarn comes the title " rope eater " . the title really has nothing to do with the book , other than rope eaters and the crew members suffered pain . besides the tedious turning of the plot , the characters lack any development . only the three handed man and the captain , both tangential characters , had any depth whatsoever . this book seemed to be an attempt at adventure , but not enough happened between the interminable accounts of ice to build much tension . it never developed the aspect of the deterioration of the characters - mentally and physically - it just happened . although the reader knew the characters must be suffering , it never came through the over-writing . as one might expect , the crew 's mission to find the warm garden of eden in the arctic was pointless . so was this book . it was a disappointment . 
health neg 339.txt i was excited to try these because i liked the idea of getting my son something that let him put his legs together . i am tired of seeing him so bowlegged due to the diapers . and since i like the other huggies styles , i was very enthused . until i went through 5 diapers , everyone of which leaked . leaking of urine was the biggest problem but after a bm came out the legs , i gave up . i tried everything possible to make these work , but they leak . maybe in the smaller sizes , but size 5 on a 22 month old definitely did not work . also , my son is in 50% percentile for height and weight , so skinny legs were not the problem . no more natural fit / hugflex for us 
health pos 666.txt i picked this up at the store a couple of months ago , and it works well . i does have a nice light scent initially , and it sooths the face . it does not have any spf though , so in summer i used a different balm . but it has been good this winter . check it out 
books neg 636.txt i'vc had this book since i was 7 years old . i loved the awesome photos of echanis doing his thing . if you like the elaborate and complex , then this is the knife fighting book for you . there are simpler ways of " getting it done " , but few are more fun to try . and , by the way , if any of you are curious as to how he died , he was killed while " training " in nicaragua . hmmm . . 
health neg 16.txt i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases . 
software pos 861.txt though it may lack some of the integrated tools of quicken or other financial software , ms money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs 
camera pos 195.txt canon 's bg-e3 battery grip is one awesome extra you cannot be without . i found the extra weight and size not to be even a minor burden . i rec 'd product 2 days after initial receiving date / 17th st photo did a fantastic job ( once again ) 
health neg 596.txt i followed the directions on the package but could not get these disks to adhere to my canker sore , even one in the flattest part of my cheek . obviously , they wo n't stick to sores on the gumline or inside of lip either . cankaid and kank+a are still the non-prescription products i have found that provide relief and are much easier to apply 
books neg 952.txt the title says it all . one can do better w / appleyard 's book 
health pos 158.txt i love this . everyone can have their own data and we can track our own progress . it is very simple to use and the explanations are clear 
dvd neg 422.txt while not one of his best novels , tommyknockers was much better than this waste of time ! jimmy smits does his best , but the underwritten screenplay does him and this movie about dead aliens and the thought control they have over a small new england town is just not worth the trouble ! ! skip it ! ! ! ! 
music pos 538.txt if you like the beach boys and appreciate the technical quality behind telarc recordings , then this disc is a must have in your collection . first , papa doo run run does an excellent job covering beach boys tunes to the point where some people ca n't tell the difference , but you can still hear the uniqueness they bring to it . second , you 'll feel like your hearing parts of the music you 've never heard before because there is so much more foundation and clarity to the recording . you can hear each instrument clearly . the beginning of & quot ; i get around&quot ; is almost explosive , they way the original recording should have been . telarc and papa doo run run have made a special album here . when i feel like listening to the beach boys , i usually grab this cd first 
camera neg 196.txt i purchased the 8 x 10 photo frame as a way to display photos at my wedding reception and planned to use it in my home thereafter . i was able to get the product running and to load a ' test ' set of pictures , but the product then ' froze ' at the startup screen . i checked the pacific digital support website , which provided steps ( basically , a sequence of buttons to hold down ) to ' unfreeze ' and reinitialize the unit . i tried this sequence several times , to no avail , and then called pacific digital customer service . after repeated messages left on a voice mail system ( " we 're sorry we missed your call - we 'll get back to you " ) at all times of the day and night , i was unable to contact anyone at the company and no calls were ever returned . long story short - our wedding came and went , the problem was never ( and will apparently never be ) resolved , and the digital photo frame is now a $390 paperweight . absolutely useless . my recommendation : do not purchase a pacific digital product . this is clearly a fly-by-night outfit 
music pos 902.txt the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you 're into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love " no depression , " and " blue earth , " but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell 's " money to burn , " the texas rubies ' " blue diamond mine , " mike ireland 's " i 'd like to " ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you 've got andre williams and sally timms singing " i 'll stick to you like glue.. . " , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going " g-l-e-u , glue ! " you 've got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other 's bodies . you 've got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out " turn the lights down low , " which really ought to be a hit it 's so catchy . and you 've got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who 's baba o'riley , " red star belgrade does it to ac / dc 's " highway to hell , " and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy 's " bring the noise " into an understated redneck anthem . i 'm only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n't miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review 
books neg 248.txt god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , " then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . " the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown . 
health pos 671.txt i bought this model 7 years ago for over $100 and it is still running strong although i only use it to clip a small family dog . nevertheless , forget the cheap vibrating ' magnetic motor ' clippers - not enough power and the buzzing bothers the animal . this clipper uses a superior rotating motor that is more powerful and provides a consistent cutting action . in fact , with the right ( replaceable ) blade , you could use this to cut kids hair as well . it stays cool , unlike the magnetic motor design . use with oster kool lube and you will never have problems getting a clean cut . it uses blades by oster so there is a lot of versatility possible 
music neg 486.txt i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad 
music neg 52.txt man , have i given this guy a chance . multiple chances . listened to the cds , saw the big hbo special . i mean , his career is red hot now . he clearly has lots of fans . mostly college age ( perhaps this should be a warning to some of you ) . all i can say is " maybe they 'll grow out of it . " he is not funny . his act has no bite , no point of view , no opinion / viewpoint at all . his comedy consists of spewing observations his audience can relate to ( the " this is all happened to us " or " has this ever happened to you ? " school of humor ) . he runs about manically , acting out every little word that comes out of his mouth ( for those in the audience that may not be so good with words ) . his fans acknowledge that , yes , they can relate . " yeah ! that 's happened to me ! " " i know that reference ! ' they laugh , cheer , clap , and plunk down their hard-earned dollars for his vanilla wit . he never actually comments on the things he discusses in any intelligent , interesting way . he has no edge . he 's not outraged by anything . he 's cute ' n ' cuddly . richard pryor must be rolling in his grave at the very fact that cook is classified as a stand up comic . " pryor ? the guy writing this must be old ! ' okay , try this on for size : chris rock is good comedy . same with dave chappelle . carlin . laura kightlinger . kinison . rodney dangerfield . bob saget . gilbert gottfried . dom irrera . lewis black . robert klein . the late mitch hedberg . jim norton . patton oswalt . brian posehn . degeneres . jon stewart . bob & david . the ucb . i 'm not even a big fan of sarah silverman , but at least she 's trying to bring something different to the party . anything but this ! god help us . let 's hope he goes the way of carrot top and dice soon ( do n't forget , cook fans , mr. top and mr. clay were once as popular as your boy here ) 
software pos 417.txt this upgrade installed easily with my photoshop 5.5. no problems at all . this is an excellent program and leap years ahead of my photoshop 5.5. this is a much less expensive way to upgrade to cs2..rather than purchasing cs2 outright . be sure to get the updates after you install the program . 
software neg 572.txt my subscription for 2006 was up and i needed to renew - since i just reinstalled windows xp professional ( sp2 ) on my laptop ( a dell inspiron 9300 , intel pentium m 2ghz , 512mb ram , 60gb hard disk ) , i decided to simply purchase the 360. i have been having issues with the live update for several weeks now ( error 5 ) . instead i have to download a 15 mb file ever so often with the updated definitions . after checking the technical support website , it appears that norton is aware of the problem and is currently working on it . that was just about two weeks ago . customer support is non-existent it appears since i have yet to be contacted . complete waste of time . renew your existing subscriptions instead . i wish that i had 
dvd neg 633.txt aside from the insanely beautiful lead actress , this is pretty run-of-the-mill stuff . not scary , only sort of gross , but i think it 'd be best in print , clive barker deserved better than this 
books pos 584.txt the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you 
health neg 727.txt the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof . 
dvd pos 814.txt if you liked yul brynner in & quot ; the magnificent seven&quot ; you will love him in this movie . brynner is cool as they come . this is a great western and should be on dvd 
music pos 758.txt if you want a feel good , come home from work and forget your day cd you found it her 
dvd neg 792.txt hank chinaski ca n't hold a job , ca n't hold a woman , ca n't control his alcoholism , and ca n't make a decent friend because he wallows with the dregs of society . chinaski is the lowest of the semi-functioning drunks , barely able to keep himself in seedy hotels and in liquor . unfortunately , the movie does n't hold much interest besides seedy bars and seedy people . chinaski 's struggles as a writer are only touched upon and not delved into . there 's no budding poet or tragic talent underlying his alcoholism . the closest he comes to poetics , imho , is where he tells his ex-boss openly that he really needs his last check typed out now because he needs to get drunk . ' factotum ' is saved only by the acting and the ability of the costume designer to turn matt dillon ( hank ) , lili taylor ( jan ) , and marisa tormei ( laura ) into sleazy characters who look rode hard and put out wet in each and every scene . the script is stilted , without any highs or lows to it . the movie is n't near as fatalistic as ' leaving las vegas ' , or as hard hitting as ' requiem for a dream ' , and without any of the comedic relief from ' spun' . the closest comparison would be the jaw-stretching yawn-fest of ' drunks' . even if you love addiction movies like i do , or love dillon or tormei , that still is n't enough to recommend this movie . if curiosity overcomes you as it did me , then rent the movie before buying it . it 's earned two stars for the acting alone . have a ball or something else to play with if you rent this , it 's that boring . 
software neg 380.txt i ca n't even comment on the actual system works application because i never got it to run - it ruined my system right after install ! once i installed it , it asked for a reboot , then came back wtih " load error ! press a key to reboot.. . " which just lead to the error message again , and again , and again . a chat with tech support ( after an hour wait ) revealed that there are problems with the goback files , so i had to create a bootable cd , and do all kind of things which i have n't been able to do yet since my burner software does n't have image capability - necessary for creating this bootable cd . do n't buy it , do n't install it , do n't use it - uninstall everything norton / symantec and never go back . i 'll be lucky if i ever get my computer working again.....thanks symantec ! ! ! ! 
music neg 328.txt what they said was that katy ca n't rock just yet because she 's a raw talent and not yet coherent in theme . i saw her live on the chicks with attitude tour with liz phair and the cardigans and charlotte martin and rose was the worst performer of the night . the first problem is that her voice just is n't that strong , secondly , her lyrics never come out as if they 're honest and as if they are always a pretension that people feel a cool girl growing up should say . throughout her set , there was only one song that stuck out as an interesting and unique thing ( passingly honest as well ) and that was " snowflake . " it 's fitting that the song was preceded by an ironic intro about how she 's lived in california for a long time , but she hates warm weather , sounds impossible , but she must be truthful because it 's the only song that breaks out of the leaden grunge guitar mix and hits the audience over the head with songcraft . i 'm sure she has potential for the future , but i think on her next album she should take a hint from beth orton who 's known previous to her most recent album for being a popular artist in the realm of trip hop . stripping down your sound brings the utmost fundamentals of your idea and sound out , and i think that could be helpful for her to put on record 
health pos 680.txt i have tried many brands of soy shakes , and this one is delicious. . i sure recomend it to anyone that wants to start the healthy habit of drinking soy . cookies & cream flavor tastes like a real shake ! ! i really enjoy this drinks 
camera pos 910.txt the nikon s3 has proven to be a good buy . it is affordable yet takes a quality photo . in addition this camera is easy to use and fits conveniently in a pocket . this camera has the ranging ability to take both a simple aim and shoot photo , and at the same time complex skill shots that is complemented by computer editing and redeye reduction . my only complaint is as a result of the user . if the camera does not have time to focus , then the picture quality suffers immensely . this camera has only been in use for about two months but has not let me down yet ! my rating : 9 / 10 
camera neg 645.txt just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house ! 
software pos 568.txt good product but , it 's kind of too complicated and difficult to set up and fine tune to work the way we required 
health pos 123.txt i really like this product because it 's compact and easy to use . now that would n't be important if it did n't work properly , but it does , so i have everything in one small , easy-to-carry package . that 's a valuable feature for one who 's on the go as much as i am . the greatest thing about this product is that it 's accurate ; i always take it to the dr 's office with me and compare his results with the results of this dynamite little monitor . i liked it so well , after i tried it , i went back and bought one for a friend who was recently diagnosed with high blood pressure . highly recommended , but i also recommend that you compare your results with your doctor's . after all , it 's only a machine ... and like cars , you can always get a " lemon . 
camera pos 548.txt what i love about this case is its softness and its superior quality . it fits just like a glove and it protects the camera at the time it never poses a danger to it . ( i have had other older cases that scratched or even crushed the cameras ) . this one seems to be an improved model . it does not need to have handles because you are supposed to use the strap on the camera . highly recommendable 
health neg 64.txt i had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews . i used the razor as directed in the instruction manual . the manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use . i used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse . i had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal . do not buy this product 
camera neg 149.txt someone earlier had complained that this lense was suggested to them by amazon and it was the wrong size . well , that person is n't alone . the camera i purchased is a canon s2is , which i love . the lense does n't fit it . i even bought the hood / lense adapter set and it still does n't fit . this simply is not the right lense for a canon s2is , no matter what amazon suggests . now , too much time has passed for me to return the lense . i 'm stuck with it , and i do n't like that 
dvd pos 585.txt great movie with great sound and visuals . what it on a hd tv and get blown awa 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
health pos 466.txt this was sent to my daughter and son-in-law as a thank you present for a recent visit . i had noticed numerous bottles on the floor of their shower and thought it would be a great way to neaten it up . they love it ! ! ! not only does it get rid of the clutter and make it easier to dispense soap , shampoo , etc. , my son-in-law can now shave in the shower and keep his shaving paraphernalia there as well 
dvd pos 32.txt 2 fast 2 furious is one of those sequels that comes around every so often that does n't require you to have seen the original . i saw this movie for the first time not too long after it came out , and having never seen the original , i thought i would be lost and would n't enjoy myself as much as other people , but on the contrary - i left the experience much happier than when i came in . this film is full of quick one-liners that deserve a laugh . the special effects and the car races will leave your mouth gaping open . i have heard and read that people did n't appreciate this film as much because it seemed to focus more on a plot than the first film did rather than focus more on the races , but overall , i think the balance works well . even thinking of the plot that we are left with , i really ca n't see another time when a race would even be appropriate . and as for people saying that this film is worse than the original , i would have to disagree...why ? frankly , i have always been a firm believer than vin diesel is entirely overrated as an actor . ( i mean , c'mon - have you seen the pacifier ? ) he 's nothing more than a meat head who , while able to do pretty good fight scenes , should leave the dialogue to someone else . yes , this film is for the younger crowd , and there are numerous occasions when unbelievable events take place ( take the boat jumping as an example ) , but there is no saying that an older person would n't enjoy it as well...the only thing that i will say is that you really should n't go into this film expecting an oscar worthy performance , or else you will be disappointed . if you sit back and take this as the fun romp that it is , however , you will thoroughly enjoy yourself 
camera neg 433.txt just bought a sony t9 in tokyo last april 10 , 2006 ( 7 months ago ) . and suddenly 2 weeks ago , the screen went dim practically can not see anything . the power on / off also not working . all happened at the same time . try to repair at sony service station in shanghai as i am residing there for the moment . very indifferent customer service staff refuse to repair , despite that i do have a world wide guarantee card and the receipt from the tokyo shop as well as the complete boxes . the sony people there are really not helpful at all . most probably we suspect , they do n't want to shoulder the cost for repairing under guarantee from sony worldwide . it is shameful for such a big name like sony . definitely , i will not buy again from sony . change to olympus for the replacement and also cancel my bravia lcd purchase . i do not recommend buying goods from sony as you might have the same experiences ( poor hardware quality and services ) 
software neg 475.txt i bought the software some months ago . noticed some problems with my pc in subsequent weeks . did n't put 2 and 2 together . last week however , i 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to ctrl-alt_del - each day this would happen . the machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . pulled recent software off machine . yes - you 've guessed - without spy sweeper i have no problems . ok - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . i was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean 
dvd pos 789.txt less technicolor and more monochromatic than its predecessor , " in like flint " still uses broad strokes to great advantage in poking fun at the bond films . the indomitable derek flint returns to save the world , this time from a bevy of beauties who simultaneously raise the ire of the world 's women while replacing powerful males with surgically-altered substitutes ( leading to , perhaps , the most prescient line of dialogue in any 1960s film- -upon discovering that the man in the white house is not who he seems to be , a disbelieving flint says , " an actor as president ? " ) . that is , until a renegade zowie general ( steve inhat ) decides it 's his turn to take the reins of power . the delightful lee j . cobb is back as flint 's curmudgeonly boss , cramden , as are the secret agent 's posse of female admirers , and tv 's batgirl , yvonne craig , even shows up as a russian ballerina . " in like flint " feels more grown up than the previous film , partly because the lighting and cinematography are more stark and partly because the humor is sometimes more rooted in satire than parody . notions like the red scare being a feint to the very real dangers of corruption from within and the beauty industry actually having our worst interests in mind- -and charging a premium for them- -are slipped in with more obvious gags involving oversized eyebrows , cross-dressing , and the bouncing sing-a-long ball . only the crankiest among us are likely to find the juvenile sexism of either flint film worth comment , as it 's a staple of the genre , meaning that the biggest weakness here is the same as the earlier effort : a no-frills dvd . 
books pos 26.txt great story ! ! excellent in fact . my beef is with the narrator and editor : as someone who grew up in the baltimore area , i thoroughly enjoyed the local references . however , it is frustrating to hear the narrator mispronounce baltimore icons , like boog 's bbq at camden yards . for the record , it is not pronounced bow-g ! it is boo-g.. . do better research ! ! 
music pos 682.txt i ca n't believe the harshness of some of the comments on this album . not a lot of in between among the notices - - those that hate are mean and heartless . very hurtful . lousy counterpoint to her warmth . i do n't think they understand that she does n't have to lose control to be meaningful and touching . take her as an original instead of as a mimic . what do i hear ? i love her lush voice on this album and fred hersch 's brilliant piano accompaniment . bill frisell is very good , too . i love jazz & pop as well as opera . ren ? e fleming can make it any of these genres . these songs are very much her own interpretation . they are ' deeper ' than what you 've heard before . even if i prefer nancy wilson or eva cassidy singing " you 've changed , " ren ? e fleming sings it warmly and beautifully , in her own style , and very touching , too . she 's not carried by full orchestration , mostly just fred and her . i was going to write that " my one and only love " was especially good , but as the cd kept playing , i must say that they are all especially good . enjoy 
camera neg 652.txt here 's the good news : i have had many cameras in my life , digital and film , and i have found the z1 to be my favorite . the camera is very user friendly and the pictures are sharp with great color . my previous camera was a minolta dimage 7 ( $800 ) and i found that this camera 's photo quality was just as good . the best feature of the camera is the fact that it is sturdy and compact enough to carry with you daily . owning this camera made taking pictures a daily part of my life . here 's the bad news : recently my camera broke and when i tried to contact fuji to get a replacement or a repair , the service was terrible . their website is very difficult to navigate and offers very little support . summary : great camera as long as it does n't break . it 's easier to pay someone to fix it than actually get fuji to repair it 
camera pos 338.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
software pos 458.txt if you do n't have an overly complicated tax return i found that taxcut is great to use . the thing i like most is the interview . even if you do n't think you qualify for what it is asking , say " yes " . it will ask more questions . if indeed you do n't qualify you have lost nothing and can proceed with the interview . in tax year 2005 it uncovered something i had missed and i filed ammended returns for 2004 & 2005 and pocketed $300. i also was excited about e-filing and direct deposit . i filed in early february and had both my federal and state refunds in my account in three weeks . it comes with deduction pro which makes keeping track of things very simple and it all imports for next year . amazon had the best price at $49 and free shipping for the february timeframe 
dvd neg 463.txt after i saw the first two " scary movies " i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell 
health neg 747.txt the only thing good about this item is that it is cheap . it was able to somewhat straighten my incredibly curly , thick hair but that was only after going over the same sections of hair numerous times . in the end my hair would still come out somewhat curled , frizzy and puffy . this straightener is somewhat heavy to hold and the plates do not get hot enough 
books neg 176.txt i love heinlein . i think that he has a unique voice and perspective in the world of science fiction . i find that his plots and ideas are inventive . even this story was inventive in many ways , like some of the business ideas in regards to the new source of energy in the first chapters . however , i found this book as a whole to be very boring . much of this is due to the lack of fully fleshed characters . the & quot ; main&quot ; characters of each section of the book are n't fully realized at all . i would n't recommend this book unless you picked it up for free and were really , really bored 
music neg 545.txt this album is all about sex and infidelity , is this all way usher 's life is about . this album contains to substance worth listening to . this album is a total waste of money . i like 8701 100 percent better 
health neg 113.txt the slippers look nice and smell great . they were difficult for me to get on my feet . the lining was too restrictive . once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . it 's unlikely that i will ever use them on my feet . i will only use the inserts for aromatherapy 
music pos 520.txt this is one of the truly great handel opera recordings of the last twenty years . as usual , nicholas mcgegan proves himself to be one of the two or three greatest handelian conductors of our time . the singing from beginning to end is first class . this opera is known for the famous largo " ombra mai fu , " but the music in this entire performance is a sheer delight 
health pos 133.txt 27 ounces is a nice size , the bottle is light ( can be dented ) , and water stored in it tastes very good....and that will be even more welcome in the summer when a hot plastic water bottle in the car will taste lousy ! another reviewer mentioned a squeal......that would be while twisting the cap on or off . i 've gotten used to that . wish it was just a hair thinner to fit in my toyota cupholder...that may not be an issue with toyotas that are newer than mine are ( 10 & 15years ) . in the car , on the nightstand , in the canoe or kayak.....it 's working for me 
health neg 570.txt the foot bath makes a mess with the water and does not keep the water warm . a lot more hassel than it is worth . sorry i spent my money on it 
dvd pos 952.txt afi finally release a live dvd , and as a portrayal of the band as it stands now , it is very impressive . it does lack older , more hardcore punk tracks , but that is to be expected as the band grows and matures into the band it is now . each album progresses towards more epic scales , and songs balance beauty with power . " i heard a voice " captures this on film , and the fan gets to witness afi at their most grandiose . watching vocalist davey havok sing " god called in sick today " while being held up by the audience is amazing to watch and gives this reviewer chills everytime . the masterful command of theatrics from each member , especially havok , creates a powerful feeling unable to fully describe but easy to appreciate . the setlist itself is perfectly put together , with the only gripe being the exclusion of " kiss and control . " the rest of the songs display all facets of afi , from the fast paced " dancing through sunday " , ( which includes a nicely executed guitar solo by guitarist jade puget ) " kill caustic " , " death of seasons " , " totalimmortal " and " a single second " , ( the last of which features a guest appearance by nick 13 of tiger army ) to the slower paced " this time imperfect " and " endlessly , she said " as well as all of their recent singles , and a few more cuts from their latest releases " decemberunderground " and " sing the sorrow " . extras are geared towards the fans , with despair faction interviews and the inclusion of videos from their massive scavenger hunt prior to the decemberunderground release , as well as a poster . each band member has their moments to shine , and are all very capable and talented muscians . bassist hunter burgan and drummer adam carson lay down a solid foundation as well as background vocals , as puget layers his unique guitar sound and obvious mastery , in this genre , over the instrument . this is all built up to allow havok to use his unique vocal approach to wander in between melodies and notes , mixing powerful singing with a fantastic screaming voice , to create beautiful atmospheres of sound that can crash down on you just as easily as it hypnotizes you . the quality of the sound production as well as the video edits are fantastic . unlike other live dvd 's , where the concert is edited to the point of a music video , " i heard a voice " has just the right amount to not make you forget you are watching a live dvd , but also add to the overall effect of the performance . the sound is very clear , and the sound levels are perfectly set to allow each member to cut through the mix . this is overall a very stellar production , and fans who have already embraced the new direction of the band , as well as new fans and casual fans , should find the dvd to be quite entertaining and a very worthwhile buy 
books neg 544.txt i m not a big fan of communism , nor of stalin . but i cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books i have read on similar subject and found that author edvard radzinsky is strongly biased against stalin . in the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of second world war . dont waste your money on a propaganda book . better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer , thats what biographies are supposed to be 
music pos 663.txt brilliant , glorious music- -all of it , although i agree with those who have come to feel that the ellington / strayhorn version of & quot ; the nutcracker suite , & quot ; in particular , is an all-too-often-buried treasure that no christmas season should be without ( and if you can ignore it for the rest of the year , you have more willpower than i ) . what happens to tchaikovsky 's marvellous music- -and grieg 's , too- -in these hands is creative homage of the highest order : the music is re-imagined from the inside , in wholly jazz terms , in a way that simultaneously illuminates and completely reconceives the original . what balanchine did for tchaikovsky and stravinsky in dance , ellington here does for tchaikovsky and grieg in another realm of music , and leaves us with works that deserve to be every bit as loved and celebrated as their older and better-known prototypes . and to top it all off , you get ellington and strayhorn 's own superb & quot ; suite thursday . &quot ; listen and rejoice 
books pos 715.txt this town feels so typical at first - - the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door 
music neg 923.txt i cant understand how anyone can give this album more than one star . luckily i got this cd for free when they were handing them out to everyone who came to their shows on their 2005 tour . i love classic journey , but this band has gone downhill faster than i ever thought possible . most of the songs are terrible-boring music and even worse lyrics . ' arrival ' was pretty mediocre , but this is about 5 steps down from there . granted , steve augeri does complete justice to the old songs in concert and really sounds great , but he obviously has nothing to offer in the way of songwriting . the only way this band will ever create quality new music is if perry were to stop sitting around at home and come back to the band . otherwise , the band should seriously consider not making any more new music and just go on tour every couple of years 
dvd pos 528.txt i have very fond memories of this short lived irwin allen classic.the picture and sound on the dvd 's is better than i remember.the video transfer is very nice and the sound is crisp albeit in mono.i give volume one of the " time tunnel " five stars for pure television enjoyment.volume one contains the first 15 episodes of the show , the unaired extended version of the pilot , irwin allen 's behind the scenes home movies , visual effects , camera test , still galleries and promotional tv and radio spots.once again it is lacking in cast interviews . many of the actors from this show are still alive , so why did n't the studio interview them for the dvd set ? .it would be a welcomed addition to any release to see the actors today and get their thought 's on the show.my only gripe is that this show only ran for one season , so why split it into two volumes ? .surely the studio could have compiled all 30 episodes into one boxed set at a reasonable price 
books neg 844.txt i really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great . a shocking murder is committed in the town of newpointe , then another . meanwhile , fireman mark branning has moved out and is separated from his wife allie . there is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and allie and mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage . i wanted to like this book because it is a christian novel with a good purpose . ninety percent of the books i 've read have been secular but i 'm starting to read more christian novels . but to me , this book fails for three reasons : the marriage conflict between mark and allie is n't believable , the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight , and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing . mark and allie 's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he has n't convinced her otherwise . seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery , but it is grounds for suspicion . yet , allie assumes mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman . it seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight . instead , mark and allie separate and allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair . blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between mark and allie . throughout the book , references are made to allie believing mark had an affair with issie . allie refers to mark 's act as " adultery " and recalls him " lying " his way out of it after allie caught him hugging issie . their marriage is struggling , but blackstock should have given more reasons why allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book , mark says he did n't have an affair and allie chalks it up to one of his lies . later in the novel , blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late . the serial killer story is poorly done , and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book . when they book a suspect at the end , it seems ridiculous . the police work feels like it was written by an amateur . one line in the novel , " as much as the evidence pointed to xxx , stan did n't want to believe it . " in my opinion , the evidence did n't point to that person and stan , the detective , seems foolish for believing it . there is n't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story . there is no sense of setting in the book . there are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other . finally , this book talks about god and prayer and being " saved " throughout the book , and that 's great . with a serial killer on the loose , a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way . at one point , a conversation goes like this : " how can the murder be part of god 's plan ? " " maybe it is n't " " that would mean god is n't in control . " " he is in control , but he allows some things to happen . " then at another point , mark says to allie , " i 'm going to be fine , it 's time to trust the lord . he 's taken care of us so far . " then allie says : " but i do n't know what his plan is . i do n't know how he wants this to end . i do n't know what he wants to teach us . " at other points in the book , characters say that god has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of god 's plan and that through god 's plan , all things can be used for good . this line of logic is infuriating . bad things happen to everyone , including god 's people . god does n't " allow " a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife . that 's a horrible message to send to a non-christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck . telling them it was part of god 's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from god . god is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and god can even keep bad things from happening to christians . but like above , where allie was afraid because she thought god might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson , god does n't willfully kill people . it comes down to the simple fact that all people , including serial killers and christians , have choices to make and have free will . i 'm surprised i wrote so much on an 8 year old book but i wanted it to be a good book . 
camera pos 890.txt i have had several digital cameras and this tops them all ! ! ! ! everything they say about it , is true . i love not even having to think about batteries , i did n't believe what people said about the battery life , and i was just happy i did n't need to think about batteries , but i just got married and my 13 year old daughter took more than 100 pictures with this camera and her pictures are almost as good as the photographer i hired and yes the camera battery lasted all day and thru the next 4 days on our honeymoon with another 200 pictures taken , no low battery light ! ! ! ! ! i even going to buy my parents one . also , one more note i love how fast you can take pictures , no wait 4 seconds between shots . i had a kodak digital before only 1 1 / 2 years old and hated it , i hated the download procedure , it did n't put your pictures onto your hard drive , but in it 's own little cubbyhole and trying to attach them to your email was absolutely a nightmare , you 'd have to identify the picture copy it to your desktop , remember what you called it and then attach it your email . this is the main reason why i purchased this camera . i will never own anything else , especially a kodak . 
books neg 162.txt although i have only read a few specific subjects in this book , i am only giving it 1 start because the information in the section on hyperemesis is extremely inaccurate and perpetuates outdated myths about this very serious and life-threatening disease . for anyone who has had hyperemesis gravidarum ( hg ) , reading that a spa day would be beneficial , is not only absurd , but also insulting . many women with hg cannot get to another room of the house without help , much less drive a car to a spa ! hg is a disease and not a psychological condition . women cannot stop the disease at will . this myth has resulted in a century of poor and sometimes abusive treatment of these afflicted women , causing excessive and unnecessary stress and misery , not to mention preventable complications during pregnancy and in their resulting children . some women have life-long effects . ( ... 
dvd neg 686.txt this film starts out so promising . it could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief , and the legitimacy of the concept of free will . instead , the characters dribble into infantile sexuality , and the film becomes a travelog . i ca n't believe this film found financing...a real waste of obvious talent . the effect of the ending is to trivialise the opening premise , hence the film winds up being an exercise in meaninglessness with an unpleasant aftertaste 
camera neg 607.txt i bougt this camera and a olymus camera , both in the same price range , the kodak camera was by far deficeint in quality of image and workmanship . avoid this at all cost the olympus was well made , durable , higher quality picture and ease of use 
dvd neg 191.txt this film is a perfect example of how straight action and big-name stars cannot replace the necessity of well written drama . i will not give away the plot - - although that is admittedly hard to do since there is so little of it . basically clooney 's character mr. ocean , a career burgler , is released from prison with a plan to rob the vault of a las vegas casino . so he recruits 11 men , each with a talent to add to the operation . this is where the trouble begins . the viewer is given no reason at all why he should sympathize with any of these characters . there is almost no introduction to many of them , and barely even a mention of their names . literally half an hour into the film " the eleven " are assembled and they 're already robbing the casino . how 's that for plot development ? and that 's basically it ladies and gentlemen : go to vegas , rob casino , go home , movie over . some of the " good guys " are even outright repellant . our would-be heros ' enterprise is bankrolled by some greasy hollywood tycoon . am i supposed to like this fat weasel ? the only reason we are given to sympathize at all with at least mr. ocean , is that the guy he 's robbing , the casion owner , is a really bad guy . supposedly he has people killed ' n stuff . ( this actor played a bad guy in godfather part 3 ) . but we never see any real evil deeds . in fact , he just seems like a handsome , polite , very prosperous businessman . he manages to raise his voice for just one line in the entire film . mr. ocean on the other hand , and his cohorts , are career criminals . but the guy they 're robbing is an even greater criminal , you see . so that makes it ok . and really , if you were being robbed , would n't you want to be robbed by george clooney and brad pitt ? they 're such nice guys . that makes getting robbed fun . just a couple of nice guys stealing from another nice guy . how thrilling . this entire film is a rushed series of action sequences punctuated by a few soap opera moments with julia roberts . there are a few minor things going on in the backgroung , like a boxing match , which are essentially irrelevent . throughout there seems to be vital information missing ( like say , a plot ) . soderbergh simply did a terrible job of making me care what happens to clooney and roberts . this film is also horribly cut . several times what seemed like vital plot details were intoduced , and then completely forgotten about . take the scene where pitt and a buddy are casing out the joint and the casino 's owner makes an appearence . the folder he has just been handed , explains pitt , contains secret security codes . you would think that would be something important right ? you would think they will need to get those codes . well , wrong . in fact you wo n't hear or see a single thing more about them for the rest of the movie . they introduce what seems to be an important detail and then totally abandon it without any development . and that happens all the time in this movie . in fact mr. ocean 's team gets down the secure elevator shaft and into the vault with only minor difficulties . ( and boy , they started repelling down that shaft quick , did n't they ? you did n't even know they were robbing the place yet . wow , these guys are good . or maybe steven soderbergh is as over-rated as his film . ) they make it look easier than breaking into the safe at 7-eleven . this , after mr. ocean briefed his crew at the beginning on the nearly impregnable security measures the vault was supposed to have . one would hope this film would at least end strong . but soderburgh makes the final scene open ended in such a way as to leave the audience confused and disappointed . we are left wondering whether the " eleven " actually got away with their caper...or worse . what a way to completely overturn the mood of a movie that at least had the merit of being light-hearted . the writer of the screenplay even said as much in the audio commentary to the dvd ! ( as did the actors in their commentary . ) probably the best moment on this dvd is hearing the screenwriter tell soderbergh to his face that he screwed up the ending . i am loath to give either 1 or 5 stars , since hardly anything is absolutely good or bad , but this film comes very close to 1 star . this is your standard artistically worthless hollywood product . it is big on budget , big on bling , and low on story . i suppose if you just feel like wasting some time , this is as good a way to do it as any . personally i would rather have a story with more substance 
camera neg 796.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
books neg 246.txt i was quite surprised and disappointed with this book . it is not at all a horror story , not at all mysterious , really it was very boring . normally i enjoy koontz books . 
software pos 363.txt an excellent item saved me lots of time and money 
software neg 228.txt i was very disappointed with this program . but i was also thinking it would be more comprehensive and include more than just basic words and phrases . even so , the male and female guides in the program often pronounce the words slightly different which can be frustrating . i learned more icelandic ( along with correct pronounciations ) while in iceland than i did with this program . and besides , anyone under the age of 50 in iceland speaks english 
software neg 512.txt i have a 3.2 ghz , 2 gb , pc , clearly ready for vista . after running the compatibility wizard and uninstalling all the software that would conflict ( even the optional conflicts the second time around ) , they told me it would install , yet , it didn't . after an hour of installing , it tells me the installation fails and restores xp . i realise that mine is an isolated case , but it 's typical microsoft . if you want something that works , buy a mac 
dvd pos 799.txt wonderful . i forgot how many great songs they have 
dvd neg 110.txt this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects . as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment . the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been . but the major problem was the story . yes , it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak , boring at times and just silly . i would recommend ice age or garfiled : the movie rather than this film 
software neg 661.txt the major flaw with this product is that it 's not clear which version of office you can upgrade from . note : it does not work with office sbe ! ! various sources say various things , even the microsoft site is n't helpful 
books neg 882.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen 
books pos 659.txt this book was & quot ; required reading&quot ; when i first started in the investment business 16 years ago - - it was a fabulous introduction to wall street and the stock market . i have recommended it many times over the years , and continue to do so 
camera pos 724.txt i bought this camera to take pictures of my sons playing basketball . my other camera shot dark grainy pictures indoor . i have had a lot of success with this and really nice outdoor shots as well . what i just started playing with , and i love is the video feature . it is so easy to use and the images are better than i expected . i bought this camera in december as a present to myself and i have used it constantly and recharged the battery twice . this is major to me as my nikon was devouring batteries in an afternoon . the optical zoom is clean , but the digital is definitely noisy . i have had fun shooting pictures of my kids because the shutter speed is so quick and i do n't miss the shot . 
music pos 906.txt i found this cd by browsing amazon and decided to give it a try . i am happy with all of the tracks . some tracks remind me of beatles a little , but not all , so the band does have a unique sound . even though from the 90s , the sound is like many bands making it today . i like it . 
camera neg 143.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
music pos 308.txt this was one of those rare performances where dylan 's raw energy swept the stage and transformed these selections from his collection into somthing entirely new and great . the sound is rough , the intonation is off , the recording is filled with horrible buzzes , whistles , and clicks . none of which matters . once youe listened to some of the tracks on this disk , you 'll prefer them to the original album cuts . i know i do . absolutely essential to any collection of dylan 's work , " hard rain " is not to be missed . 
camera pos 126.txt first of all i do not consider myself anything more than a very beginning photographer ! ! ! so i will not go into anything technical . i will leave that to people who know more than i do . but what i am is an international traveler . i simply got tired of coming home from fantastic trips with " snapshots " . i wanted someting much better , and boy did i get it with this camera . i looked at the d70s and since i have very small hands , i could never feel comfortable holding it . this camera is smaller without being small . i have only taken photos locally , but at this time of the year with the leaves changing it makes a good start . the built in editing features ( filters etc. ) are wonderful to work with . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone who wants something more than " point and shoot " snap shots 
books neg 769.txt i quote from glimpses of the devil , p . 215 : " ...after spending a half hour with that book , gods ' man . i called [a nun , six years my senior , who has been my spiritual director for more than twenty-five years] sobbing with a complex of emotions , including hatred for the author , disgust at the book , rage at its destructiveness , sorrow for all the other young boys and girls who had been the book 's victims , and a feeling of deep contamination that i had received just from looking at it . after we spoke , i sent her my newly purchased copy and she called me back to agree that it was the single most destructive thing she had ever seen in her fifty-plus years . " undoubtedly , dr. peck 's strong emotional reaction was due to the destruction the book wrought in the life of one of peck 's patients . but now you are forewarned 
dvd pos 878.txt there 's too much drama going on in this discussion ! i do n't really care about what year these episodes came out or that there are 9 missing episodes of the new scooby doo movies . i 'm just glad there 's more scooby ! ! 
camera neg 240.txt it worked fine the first week . then the focus stopped working . i sent it to repair . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then the focus stopped working . i sent it for repair for the second time . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then stopped working . also , it is impossible to contact the repair center or the customer relation center at sony ! ! ! they make you wait over an hour ! ! ! si if you want a camera for two of three weeks this is probably what you are looking for ! ! ! sony repair reference number : e3317596 
health neg 8.txt this pedometer is so much cheaper ( ~$7 ) than the typical decent ones ( that go for about $18 - $20 ) .. now i know it is for a reason. . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one i bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the sr citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device. . terrible ergonomics / form factor . would recommend spending a bit more and getting the omron / oregon sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality 
dvd neg 465.txt i saw this movie and i found it both shocking and choking . it displays children as young as 4 years old smoking cigarettes ! did the filmmakers take into account the damage tobacco could have done to these child stars ? ( yes , the cigarettes and the smoke were real , not cg . ) i think they should have omitted such scenes from the script , because it displays a behavior that 's not only illegal in several countries , but also threatening to both society and childhood . no matter what the other reviewers thought about the movie , i give it a disgusting 1 , and this is the last movie i ever watch that depicts smoking children . to those that have n't yet watched this movie , please do n't watch it , unless you want cancer to win the health wars . and here i hand out a lesson for every active or aspiring moviemaker : if you want to depict smoking children , use computer graphics instead of the real thing 
books pos 128.txt " when i first came to iran , black clad women all seemed the same . scary unsmiling servants of the ayatollas " having visited the islamic republic of iran in june , i was better prepared for that vast country portrayed by elaine sciolino in her book persian mirrors . i am more than grateful for this book , which alerted me to the diversity of cultures , and the general way of life so absolutely different from the western world . elaine sciolino made me so very aware of the perfect social world of the iranians and also i am thrilled to say that once you make a friend of an iranian , you have a friend for life . my most treasured memories of iran will never leave me and i thank ms sciolino for preparing me for that journey . reviewed by heather marshall negahdar ( sugar-cane 11 / 10 / 05 ) 
books neg 255.txt an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery . the chamber of secrets , he said , had been opened and a monster is lurking . harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster , challenge it and save students who have been " petrified " by the monster . age group interest : early teen . i wanted to see what all the rave was about . lots of action , not much morale . trish new , author of the thrill of hope , south state street journal 
software neg 832.txt i guess i 'm spoiled by the i spy games i 've purchased for my children . this game has an enormous amount of " story " ...it 's almost as bad as sitting your child in front of the television . interaction is confusing and frustrating . i 'd rate this lower but it 's clear that a lot of work went into the animation , which is top notch . i just would n't classify this as a learning game . 
health neg 782.txt this hair dryer did dry my hair quickly . but , it quit working after a month . i exchanged it for another just like it and the same thing happened a few weeks later . the buttons were also hard to switch . this was a waste of money . i ended up buying a completely different hair dryer 
music pos 158.txt neil young 's latest release has some very clever and interesting songs . they are very political so unless you are a completest who likes neil young , if you agree with president bush , this album will be a turn-off . for the politically neutral or those who agree with neil young this is a good album . maybe this is not neil young 's best but it still is a good album 
software neg 4.txt they have the hebrew backwards ! ! you are supposed to read hebrew right to left-the opposite of english and this cd has it left to right . i find it extremely confusing . i know how to read hebrew and i wanted to learn how to speak it . what a poor effort ! 
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone 
books pos 298.txt frazee 's comical " guide for babies of all ages " has a subconscious message behind the humor , meanwhile encouraging those first few steps that will open up a universe of new experiences , baby leaving the shelter of the familiar for the unknown . the roly-poly baby illustrated is tiny compared to everything around him , objects taller than him , but once he pulls himself up and begins that first , tentative journey , it is impossible to stop . of course , there are a few cautions along the way , " be careful of things that are wobbly ; stay away from fragile stuff " . there are the usual setbacks , too-much too-soon and a tumble to the floor , followed by a howl and the effort to being again . cleverly worded and cheerfully illustrated , this tongue-in-cheek guide is a delight , offering more food for thought than is first apparent . luan gaines / 2006. 
health pos 738.txt i bought this dryer based on other people 's review . it is an excellent dryer . the air flow is strong and it dries my medium to long hair faster than my old one ever did . i did n't give it 5 stars because it is a bit heavier than most dryers...however , since it dries my hair fast , my arms do n't mind the weight . : ) 2 thumbs up in my book ! ! 
software pos 692.txt my daughter loves sims so i got this to help her improve her spanish . it is fun to play for adults , too . the complete immersion method is more effective for learning a new language 
camera pos 280.txt i wanted to buy a compact slim d-camera . those with larger zoom are quite bulky , you ca n't carry around all the time . i think a slim camera is a better choice . i slip into my pocket while wondering around and come across something nice and take a picture of it . you ca n't do it with a huge camera . after i made up mind about a slim camera , my choices were either casio exilim or sony dscw series . casio exilims are very sexy . they have a lot of mode scenes . they also function as voice recorder . you can take pictures of book pages etc. they have anti-shake capability which is said to reduce blurred images . i was almost buying a casio exilim . being a diligent person i wanted to search more and more . i found out that the so-called anti-shake feature is a bogus . many people found it useless . that was a good reason to choose casio . then i found the picture quality of exilim is not really good.i found some pictures taken with exilim . they were soft , not crisp colors . search the web reviews made by photo professionals . casio exilim is rated significantly less than sony in picture quality . with iso 200 noise was still detectable in most reviews . those same reviewers however found sony dscw doing a better job . there was no noise with iso 400 which means even in lower light condition sony did a better job ( less granularity in pictures with low light ) . big difference ! . one feature of sony that made it very attractive was its strong macro . it is 0.74 inch which means you can bring your camera 0.74 inch ( 2 mm ) close to an object ( say a bug ) and still take a brilliant picture of it . now comparison of exilim and sony to summarize : casio exilim anti-shake ( it 's a bogus ) slim lower macro ( 2.5 inches ) lower picture quality ( detectable noise at iso 200 ) a lot of scene modes quick shutter sony dscw series slim ( in fact it is slimmer ) higher macro ( 0.74 inches ) higher picture quality ( no noise in iso 400 ) not a lot of scene modes quick shutter so.....i purchased a sony dscw 7 mp. i took lots of pictures . they are all brilliant , detailed and crisp , true colors . i tried macro and took pictures of bugs . you can see the hairs on the legs of bugs . absolutely no noise whatsoever , no blurry . it 's a marvel of technology . i took pictures of fireworks in july 4th using high iso setting . they came out brialliantly like professional pictures . it also uses a different kind of battery that you ca n't buy at your grocery which can leave you vulnerable . so you may wanna buy a spare one ( about 40 bucks ) . but you can always recharge it . and it lasts much much longer than aaa or nimh batteries . it was a perfect choice . i highly recommend it . 
dvd neg 837.txt this version , bears very little resemblance to the book with a confusing story , but at same time seems to expect that you have read the book to fill in the gaps of its story . the book was a simple good story , why did they abandon it and the characters so completely ? the sets and costumes are great , but can the makers of such a bad film be trusted to have made them authenic for the period ? i have only watched the first disc , but it be a while before i will be able to force myself to watch the others . 
health neg 887.txt i lovelovelove dark chocolate , ( and other strong , pungent things like goat cheese and dark beer ) but these taste just plain wierd . it 's not terrible , but i can taste the hoodia , sorta like dried grass mixed in with the chocolate . i think they work at reducing hunger , but they give me gas so bad i ca n't be sure if i want to eat less because of the hoodia , or the gas . maybe i 'll try the *regular* chocoleans , but i wo n't be buying this again . fyi : i absolutely love the phytobase powdered chocolate hoodia shake mix . i have no problems with that . tastes great , works great . and no gas ! 
camera pos 799.txt i love this battery charger ! i used to use store bought aa batteries for my olympus digital camera , but after keeping the batteries in the camera for only a week , the batteries were drained of power . for some reason , this twin battery pack can stay charged for a few months if i am just storing my camera . highly recommended 
software neg 435.txt my computer was running fine until i tried to upgrade . first it took almost 2 hours to install at the last 3% it found a error and was going to roll back . well it never did . it erased everything . it went to a dos prompt . called help line and it took 3 hours to just reload . when it was done , i had no files or any of my programs on the hard drive . not only that but he said i had to install again to register . it takes forever to install . took forever to get in touch with someone , they were in nova scotia , and i still do not have a working computer . i have to try and get a recover program to get my files back . i recommend staying away from this product for upgrades . 
software neg 21.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram ) 
books pos 721.txt finally a book to deal with all those nasty pathetic ignorant people . i bought this book as i wanted a way to get even with morons i deal with day in & day out . this book has been a godesend to me . all i can say is thankyou robert m bramson for wrting this book . everybody who deals with people should buy this book . excellent for office workers customer services and whoever thinks they need it . buy it 
music pos 836.txt i bought this for my kids because i knew they would love these songs just as i did . forget them ! i love it ! there is nothing like the chipmunks and never will be again . the christmas song is worth the price alone . do n't think about it . just get it 
books pos 835.txt this book is a must for anyone who works with older adults . it is a photographic essay of some very special people....people who embrace the robustness of life , and who are disciplined to maintain their capabilities as long as possible . our world is steeped in ageism , that is , believing that older people are only capable of doing things that are & quot ; appropriate&quot ; for their age . this book shatters those beliefs and provides living examples of people who continue doing what they love to do physically . i wish that etta clark would revise this book with a new set of photos every year ! i have seen some of these photos over and over again in lectures that people give about aging . it is a book to be owned , not borrowed 
health neg 491.txt i complete disagree with the previous review on that sonicare is superior . i 've used all of the sonic toothbrushs on the market and braun sonic complete is by far the best . however , this unit is nothing like sonic complete , the sonic energy is completely in the handle , it 's like holder a vibrator . the real sonic complete channels the energy to the brush head.. . you are probably better more with one of the other two models of vitality that uses rotational brush heads 
health pos 171.txt it is not one of the stain removers , which instantly gets rid of the stain . so when you spill over something over your t-shirt , you got to spill this tide stain remover on it as well so it does make sure that your cloth wouldnt be clogged with stain but its not an immedieate relief solution 
software pos 622.txt i am a user of acronis backup and very satisfied with it and was hoping that the disk director would be the same however it is a little more complicated to use , i partitioned a drive then wanted to convert back and have not yet be able to do so , i know that you can but just have n't found out how yet , it could have been made a little more simplier to use 
health pos 201.txt i bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair . it works great ! i gotta admit , it 's just big enough for my head and i have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the " extra large " size towel ( which is n't really all that large . 
health neg 733.txt they have to be lubricated several times during a hair cut . my hair is very short and this is unusual . if you do not go over every area of your head at least 5 times you will have tiny haris sticking out . i spent more on these clippers thinking they would be better . i would have been better buying a cheap pair at walmart , which i normally do 
health neg 822.txt compre 2 frascos de centrum silver 220 capsula y lo que yo pedi tiene un encabezado donde describe que tiene lincope en la parte de arriba a la izquierda . el frasco que me enviaron no es el mismo que yo compre . rafael a garcia 
health neg 400.txt i 'd give this machine 5 stars if #1 ) it was n't so expensive and #2 ) , it was n't so darn small . it barely fits anything inside . it works well for pacifiers and a rattle or two , but that 's about it . anything else just wo n't fit . and the design of the inside , with the piece in the middle , makes it even more restricting . in my personal opinion , this product is not worth the money . i am so disappointed , because it sounded so perfect . but , its just not 
dvd pos 944.txt driller killer has , without question , the best director 's commentary of any dvd i have ever seen . although driller killer is a far cry from his second film & quot ; ms . 45&quot ; it is a classic . reno ca n't seem to buy a thrill . despite the fact that he lives with two bombshells he ca n't get his painting finished to collect for the rent . his agent 's reaction to his finished painting is absolutely priceless . what 's worse is that his landlord has allowed a punk band to move in upstairs , adding insult to injury . the band , tony coca cola and the roosters , play & quot ; the grand street stomp&quot ; a guitar riff that has a great driving force . this film really documents the viallge punk circuit at the end of the 1970's . conventions are borrowed from polanski 's & quot ; repulsion&quot ; and cassaveetes ' & quot ; shadows&quot ; . the handheld mingling with the street people of the period shows how filthy nyc was at the time . lots of fun . driller killer was meant to be listened to loud 
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
dvd neg 3.txt i suppose it 's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal , manipulative mothers 
dvd pos 831.txt dmx stars as the drug dealer king david , who pops up in the streets again after a long absence . rolling into the frame in a player 's classic - a late 70 's stutz blackhawk - king david shrugs his way back into the hard-knock life . he quickly reaps what he sows and , mortally wounded , passes all his worldly goods to paul ( david arquette ) , a scrambling white would-be writer . king david 's estate includes an audio journal of his life , which provides flashbacks and a narrative-within-a-narrative that answers the shaken paul 's curiosity . it 's the highlights of king david 's high life that propel " alone . " like all of goines 's heroes , king david is a scourge on the periphery , and the movie dramatizes his corrosive effect on the margins with savvy muscularity . every life he touches he leaves in ruins - a need to deface beauty as a result of self-loathing is implicit , and dmx signals that motivation with sly hostility . to say that king david is the best part he 's ever had is an understatement ; he has never felt the need to inhabit a movie in this way before . i would recomed this to anyone who likes the hip hop lifestyle or music and for anyone who like films with a twist 
music neg 139.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
music pos 485.txt this is a really great cd . the candian and american idol winners are not usually that great , but melissa is an exception . she just belts out her soul whenever she 's at the microphone . my absolute favourite is definitely " alive " . it 's just a beautiful song . really , i recommend this cd who likes songs with great messages and a good beat . she 's a great pop / rock singer . you ca n't go wrong with this cd 
software pos 219.txt this is my first experience with gps . this product makes using it a simple experience with on board instructions . viewing the screen on a laptop as opposed to most of the portable gps units is a definite advantage to the user . i would purchase another immediately if the need arose . . 
music neg 512.txt i feel that a lot of bands were good in the 90's . this band was one of them . while yes , they were a bit poppy and sellout-ish on americana and conspiracy , they still had enough bad@ss in them to put on a rad song . i think they should have just did a " da hui " single with " the noose " and maybe " cant get my head around you " on it . this sucks really bad . it makes the average conspiracy of one look like a bad religion album ! ! if you must hear , download or borrow . please guys . quit or make good music . its pretty pathetic hearing " hit that " next to the godawful creed and nickelbland ! ! so we go from a punk-ish hard rock band that is inspired by tsol and the damned and plays punk shows with pennywise to this...a corporate radio rock album that is loved by teenybopper frat boys and the mtv mindless 
books neg 259.txt im not sure where to begin with this review , its not that the book was poorly written , quite the opposite it was a very good piece but it lacked any sort of luster or appeal . it was quite infact extremely boring , by page 300 i could not wait for it to be over and this is weird because up to this point i have loved the gunslinger series , they were all very good from front to back . there is way , way , to much about susanah and the whole thing about her having this baby and it dragged and draged , maybe this series is showing its age im not sure but one thing is for sure it was no wastelands or wizzard and glass . it was a far fetch from those titles and it had barely any excitement . it got to the point where i had to try very hard to pay attention and often i would find i had read a page and not remebered what it was about and had to read it again . im giving this book 2 out of 5 , very poor story line , poor plot however it was written well i can only hope that the next book is better , cmon king give me the feeling wastelands did , blown away ! ! rather than tired and exhausted 
music pos 539.txt i assume you already know what 's on this recording or you would n't be here , right ? do n't you probably have a thirty-year-or-so old vinyl copy of this that you have n't listened to for years because it 's dusty and has scratches and pops and who listens to that stuff anymore anyway ? well , i wo n't review the music here because others have done better than i would , but i will say that listening to this remaster through a high quality set of headphones ( sennheiser ) has enabled me to hear this as if it were the first time . it 's totally worth the money to get this new version , and the bonus tracks just make it even more fun . 
dvd neg 501.txt i give it 3 stars for porn and -2 stars for a movie , therefore , collectively ; you have your single star . by all means , i suggest you get yourself some hardcore porn , beat off , and then watch a real movie . caligula blows literally and royally . it is a little under 3 hours , which seemed like 3 days , and there is only about 20 minutes of decent film . the small amount of story that is somewhat portrayed is simply stepped on by asinine porn . the most triumphant scene in the movie is where the roman soldiers attack the phallus-humbling papyrus stalks while flailing their genitals to and fro . this movie is ridiculous . in order to enjoy this , one must be completely perverted and dimwitted 
music pos 7.txt great anniversary present . fav song.. . i love the way you love me.. . my husband loves to listen to it in the car 
software pos 737.txt it 's quite a bit slower than version 7. but it looks really good and the form designer has been improved by leaps and bounds 
books neg 877.txt i found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women . men are to rule , and women are to submit to that rule . the authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men , rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level . i suggest anyone who reads this books should also read " discovering biblical equality . " it gives another view of how the christians world see the role of women 
camera neg 540.txt i got for christmas , it was easy to use but only lasted 1 day then the screen does not turn on , , , stay away from this one ! 
music neg 23.txt many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep . 
dvd pos 800.txt four stars seem a little generous . the film is certainly memorable , and certainly different . there are a lot of odd things going on here . the oddest is why the central character , mark lewis , is so obviously a blond , blue-eyed german . very strange , this . is there some weird subterranean comment about the sickness of hitler 's germany , and how we ought to feel sorry for the perpetrators of his crimes , because of their blighted childhoods ? much of the rest of the symbolism is very heavy-handed , however , as other reviewers have pointed out . it is consistently perverse . the director of the film within the film : " the walls are closing in " , is played by an actor who was in point of fact virtually blind . he had a bit part in several james bond films . is there some message here ? peeping tom 's father , the heartless psychologist , was played by powell himself . what is this telling us ? is part of the message meant to be that the camera kills ? it does n't hang together somehow . what 's the meaning of the model with half a hideous face ? why is the would-be girl-friend 's alcoholic mother blind ? why is the only presence with real star quality , moira shearer , playing a stand-in ? much of the premise of the film seems promising , but it is clumsily written , and directed with a leaden hand . in fact , what many of the powell-pressburger films seem to lack is any real sense of pace or excitement . it 's all a bit tired , and slow . there is nausea , but no shock or thrill . loco , perhaps , but psycho , it isn't . 
books neg 831.txt this book is poor . it ' s not & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in any sense because it 's not logical and it 's not supported by the majority of music scholars today . reimer contradicts himself at every turn ; he does n't understand what langer is really saying ; and . his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today . reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy , feel-good nonsense 
camera neg 772.txt bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! ! 
health pos 527.txt this is the best affordable acne solution that ive ever used . i had acne on my forehead and the acne started to get smaller and even the acne on my cheeks just disappeared the next morning . on the box there is a sticker that said that it works faster than proactiv solution and its right ! proactiv takes like 2 weeks to work but this works over night . the only minor thing about it is when you put on the overnight acne control lotion , it starts feeling like its harding into a mask on your face . it feels like its restricing muscle movement on your face . its no biggy because it works and it washes right off in the morning when im in the shower . i cant believe a little lotion can make such a difference . if you are looking for acne solution at a affordable price then this is exacly what you are looking for 
health pos 187.txt shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets . this is a great product and i will continue to buy it through amazon 
camera neg 748.txt i have owned this camera for ~6 months and have finally deciced to replace it . i bought this camera to replace another nikon coolpix that was stolen from my house . but this one does not have a view finder to begin with and is way more complicated to use . i have always liked nikon cameras but the s9 just does n't make it . i can not use it outside because i can not see the lcd screen . sorry nikon but you blew it on this camera ! ! so i replaced it with a canon powershot a710. what a difference in ease of use and.. . it has a view finder . also my 1g memory card from rhe nikon fots in the new canon . 
software neg 364.txt i have been using this product now for almost a year . the only reason i insist using it is because i feel really bad for wasting my money . first , this is not worth $300 bucks . there are only still pictures and sound . no movies or any fancy graphics , so why the price ? second it is very repetitive and it does not advance in a very logical way so that you recognize the grammatical structures behind the ever changing sentences . third , the sentences that you have to repeat over and over are not practical at all . you keep memorizing thins like " the boy is under the airplane " or " the ball is on the boy 's head " . initially i thought , well this is because it progresses very slowly which is not necessarily bad . but then i took a look at the last lessons ; you just keep repeating useless senteces like these without real things used on a dialogue . i cannot recommend you another course because i spent so much in this one that i do not want to try again and get disappointed . do n't be fooled by the wonderful reviews like i was . this is definitively not worth 300 dollars . it is not even useful for basic converstion . i have learned much more from simple travel books and cassettes from the library . ah , and if you think that by repeating these structures alone you will understand german grammar .. 
music neg 299.txt not particularly musical ; only 1 good track ( blues for miles ) .. 
books neg 718.txt ok , you guys . as i have stated , this book let me down ! it practically ends on page 195 , and there 's still 65 pages to go ! my advice-do n't even start it . also , i tried the killer 's cousin . i was n't pleased with that , either . so , my conclusion : if you 're looking for a good read , do n't expect nanxy werlin to fulfill your needs . if you need good , suspenseful stories , try lois duncan or caroline b . cooney ! one great , outstanding , wonderful book : swimmer-graham masterton 
dvd pos 65.txt i love this movie . it 's picture perfect in a life of a tweeker and their enviroment . where is the soundtrack to this movie ? ? ? ? ? 
software pos 194.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment 
books pos 905.txt this book does a fine job explaining the facts of biblical archaeology . the latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book & quot ; the bible as history . &quot 
health pos 98.txt i recently started weight watchers and was looking to purchase a new and accurate scale . i figured i would buy a ww product , but after reading the reviews , i decided to go with the omron scale . i am very pleased with this product . it has been extremely accurate . it keeps a history for both my husband and i . i would highly recommend this scale to anyone ! it is also an attractive scale which is a bonus . go with the omron scale 
camera pos 258.txt i read many reviews at fredmiranda.com before i purchased this lens and i was not dissapointed one bit . i was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try . the macro shots were very sharp and contrasty . the center part is already reaching near maximum sharpness at f2.8 anything beyond f4 is tack sharp . be carefull with this lens though . the dof at f2.8 is extremely narrow . do n't mistaken the out of focus shots for being unsharp . focus properly and crank up the aperture and you 'll get some very satisfying macro shots . the only thing i wish this lens had was image stabilizer . canon , how about a 100mm macro with is ? 
music neg 714.txt i like a little bit of it , doesent mean its good , i wont throw it away or anything , ill just let it sift...wait...and look at the album cover most of the time . slayer is getting better though 
health pos 45.txt these are a great , yuumy snack . for someone who counts calories ( or points ) , it 's nice to have an option that is relatively healthy and still tastes great ! i have never met a luna bar i did n't like , though this is my favorite flavor 
camera pos 631.txt this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp 
camera pos 412.txt very easy to use . menuing is extremely intuitive . do n't forget to order spare disks , 30 mins goes by quick 
dvd pos 548.txt i saw this movie on tv years ago and loved it . i thought the storyline was terrific . there 's plenty of action , family situations , love interest , but , mostly , this movie engages you - - it forces you to care about the characters . it 's a great movie . three words : keep tissues handy 
software neg 577.txt that 's exactly where my cd went . in the garbage . that 's where all the other roxio software i 've ever owned has ended up . at least i never had to spend extra for their junk . it 's always came as part of a peripheral or pc software package . no printed manuals are ever provided and it 's always an issue trying to download one from the roxio website...which i would then have to print at my expense . i could live with the on-screen manual if the software was n't buggy and they provided some sort of customer support . i ca n't believe that this company is still in business . i guess that they survive by making deals with peripheral and pc manufacturers to stick their customers with inferior software . be advised......do n't be fooled by their slick packaging and website . read the reviews here and elsewhere 
music pos 8.txt as we all know by now , lil ' jon is not known for his lyrical capabilities , but for his platinum productions and ability to find guest artists perfect for his songs . he is truly the king of crunk . many of the songs on the album are much like the hit single , " get low " feat . the ying yang twins - strong pumping dacefloor beats , lots of swearing and yelling constantly yeeah ! , whuut ? , and okaay ! buying the edited version ( if there is one ) would be a total waste . this album is not for the meek or faint hearted ! much of the songs hardly have many words from lil jon himself , mostly from the featured artists . these include petey pablo , 8ball and mjg , chyna whyte , pastor troy , jadakiss , styles p . , ect . my faveorites 1 ) throw it up w / pastor troy - a ' hood representing song with a thumping beat 2 ) get low 3 ) rep yo city w / petey pablo , bun b - a very good song with talents all around 4 ) knockin ' heads off - again jon struts his stuff 5 ) i do n't give a.. . - perfect for before game pumping musi 
books neg 448.txt there were too many characters , disjointed plot threads , not much of a plot in the first place , and not much coverage of the overall march itself . it focused on many obscure and unimportant characters who were n't that compelling 
books neg 310.txt i am a big catherine coulter fan , but this book is awful . you can skip all the soap scenes , a waste of space . much of the dialouge made no sense and the characters were very flat . do n't waste the $6 , borrow from the library if you want to read 
camera neg 412.txt we bought this camera thinking that it would be our do-all " eurocam " for an upcoming trip to europe . it promised a sufficient range of performance and features to easily meet our needs on such a trip . sadly , the camera is not up to filling this role . we will need to take another camera along with it . however , we will take the v705 for its wide-angle lens , the reason that we picked this model in the first place . it is this disparity between the advertised and actual capabilities of the camera which prompts me to contribute this review . the need for a true wide-angle lens is both a sufficient and a necessary condition for buying this camera . if you do not need a 23mm lens , or if you do not know if you need a 23mm lens , then you do not need this otherwise mediocre p&s ( point and shoot ) camera . good : fairly decent 23mm wide-angle lens ; the 23mm is the default lens ; rapid start-up time ; internal focus and zoom ; chromatic aberration well controlled ; can use 4gb cards ; freeze-frame and extract any video frame . mediocre : soft images ; perceptible shutter lag ; slow shot-to-shot times ; exposure compensation is easy , but steps are too small for digital , and is reset when camera turned off ; flash does not come close to covering the 23mm ; image numbering basically limited to 4 digits ; flimsy construction ; no manual controls ; no raw format ; no optical viewfinder ; histogram on display , but too small to be useful . bad : the absolute worst menu system to be found on a camera ; excessive and unadjustable jpeg compression ; poor battery life with very expensive external charger and spare battery ; unacceptable visual noise starting at asa-400 ; forced in-camera stitching of panoramic images , with inability to save the individual panoramic shots ; panoramic component images forced to 5mp ; overlays for panoramic and delete modes are so dark they obscure the underlying image ( even with display on ` bright ' ) ; mpeg-4 video compression gives very poor results . synopsis : if you need a 23mm lens in a point and shoot , this , and the older v570 , are the only choices . if most of your images are in bright light , the 7mp v705 gives better images . if most images will be in low light , the older , cheaper , 5mp v570 is the better choice . the camera seems very fragile . treat it gently and you will likely be happy with the wide-angle performance . if you chose this as your sole camera , you will likely be unhappy with your choice . the only reason to buy this camera is for the wide-angle lens . = = = = = some expanded comments = = = = = twenty-three mm wide-angle fixed-focus lens . this lens has almost decent optical quality ; though the camera 's processing still produces overly-compressed and soft images from it . on power-up the 23mm is the initially active lens , which is ideal for us . however , considering that this is truly a specialty lens , it would make more sense that the ` normal ' lens should be the default . best would be a menu setting to allow selection of the boot-up lens . better yet would be a camera with only the 23mm lens . the camera does have firmware wide-angle distortion correction . this works fairly well , at the cost of even more image softness , but even-so , barrel distortion is noticeable to a degree that is not present in actual 35mm-film camera wide-angle lenses of similar focal length . this in-camera correction can be turned off . doing so allows one to see the marginal native lens performance . however , being able to turn off distortion correction exemplifies for me how poorly thought out this camera is . the only people who would wish to do this are those who are exploring the artistic limits of the camera - and they would seem better served by the camera having such basics as : manual settings , a physically larger sensor chip , raw image files , or , at least , a choice of degree of jpeg compression . at the other end of the camera 's focal length the 114 / 117mm performance shows slightly below average image softness with average pincushion distortion . there are very few circumstances where one would want to use ` digital zoom ' , so , as with all digicams , the claimed maximum telephoto length is completely bogus . after reaching optical zoom limits , one is much better off doing any further ' zooming ' in an editing program . kodak 's advertised " 5x optical zoom " is , at best , misleading . actually , it is just flat out untrue . the camera has two lenses . the only lens that can be optically zoomed is the 39-114mm lens , which is not quite 3:1. the wide angle lens has a fixed focal length . ( note , in some places kodak claims 39-114 , in others 39-117 optical zoom . ) also misleading is the claimed " anti-blur technology . " as best i can tell from looking at the images , and at the exif metadata , all this actually means is that at some given shutter speed the camera boosts the asa . certainly there is no optical image stabilization technology in this camera . speaking of asa . this is an opportune time to address the camera 's incredibly poor menu system . it is byzantine : being both awkward and time consuming to use . to adduce , ` auto ' asa ranges from 50-200 , to set a faster ( or to lock in at a slower ) sensitivity rating requires going through multiple menu levels . to change from ` auto ' to the next fastest ( 400 ) requires 11 manipulations of 2 controls ! on either of the other two p&ss which we will be taking along it requires 4 pushes on 1 control . the menu system is next to unusable in the field . still on asa settings , the camera does have sensitivities up to asa / iso 1000 ( though the manual only documents asas up to 800 , 1000 is available on the camera ) . unless your shot is of a once-in-a-lifetime , will never-happen-again moment , then 200 is the max asa tolerable before noise in the shadows becomes annoying . at 400 the entire image suffers from noise and is not really useable for any print larger than 4x5 " . the previous version of this camera , v570 , had only 5mp , but the same sensor size . by increasing the pixel count , but not the physical size of the sensor , the new v705 camera actually has more low-light digital noise than its predecessor . this has happened with many of the current p&s cameras , as the makers advertise pixel count as a measure of image quality . my initial experience with low-light high asa use of this camera is that you might as well set the capture size to 3 mp , as the larger files have only marginally better printing capability because of the severe noise artifact . another approach to dealing with the sensor noise is to use one of the commercially available products which , when calibrated to the sensor in the camera , allows the subtraction of much of the internally generated noise . doing so does allow for semi-adequate 8x10 " prints at asa 800. if one really wants to get carried away , combining the preceding with any of the image stacking programs designed for astrophotography ( where dozens / hundreds / thousands of images are averaged together ) makes 8x10 's at asa 1000 doable . people willing to undertake these manipulations likely do not fit kodak 's target market . back to earth . the v705 's still-image quality is below average for this generation of 7mp p&s cameras . mostly i believe this is because of the overly aggressive jpeg compression , which is not adjustable ( e.g. ` best ' , ` good ' , etc ) . my guess is that a compression setting of 30-40 is being used . this results in small files , with a lot of compression artifact . the 7mp jpegs from this camera are about 1.2-1.5mb in size , those from another 7mp p&s i have are 5-6mb . my 6mp prosumer digital slr jpegs are 8-10mb . the more the compression , the worse the image . most cameras allow the user to pick the trade-off point . kodak picks it for you , and picks poorly . the v705 's video performance is very disappointing . it uses mpeg-4 compression , and at very aggressive compression settings . unless it is a video of your baby 's first steps , or aliens landing in the backyard , you will likely find it hard to watch . the total output datastream is about 0.5 mbs . compare this with a minidv tape video datastream of 25 mbs ( total , adding sound , error correction , and time codes , is 36 mbs ) . better to have stuck with mpeg-2 which would give less compression , but decent enough ( tv quality ) videos . that is the choice that most manufactures have made . as a result , the videos from my other p&ss have about a 2 mbs datastream , and so are of much better quality . the battery . kodak 's claim is 150 still images per charge . i am getting 100-120 , with minimal use of flash and the lcd on ` energy saver' . even 150 would be poor , compared with my other digital p&ss , where i expect at least 200 , and often get 250+ if i am at all careful with power-management . this camera has a proprietary ( and hard to remove ) 720 mah battery . my ( several ) other , p&ss have 790-1120 mah batteries , and , i suspect , more efficient processors . since we are only going to be using this camera for wide-angle , the battery will likely last most of a day . we have not bought an external charger and backup battery because the cost is about 25% the cost of the camera . though the body is of aluminum , the camera itself is overall fragile and i doubt will hold up more than a year or two . the battery and media doors do not appear to have been designed for actual repeated use ; there is no cover for the charge socket . the media door often dislodges open . truly , my belief is that kodak designed this camera with the thought that these doors would never be used : that the camera would spend its life simply being taken in and out of the ( not included in this model ) " easyshare " dock system . this would also explain the relatively large amount of built in memory , and the overly aggressive jpeg compression . shutter lag , the bte noire of digital cameras , is very evident with this model . i do not have any method of actually measuring the time between pressing the shutter , and the image being recorded . however , based on over 50 years of tripping shutters , it clearly varies , and i estimate is , at best 1 / 4 second , up to a bit over 1 / 2 second . in addition to the shutter lag , there is a perceptible lag in the lcd viewfinder screen showing what is in front of the lens . together this makes the capture of a fleeting moment , an active child at a particular instant , or a wary animal almost impossible . the shutter lag is much more evident than in same-generation / price p&s cameras from other makers . the accompanying ` manual ' is poorly organized , childishly written . " finish reading this book , so you can take and share your best pictures ! " at best , it was written for 8 year olds . the manual does make reference to a web-address where one can download the ` full manual ' , however the address given is incorrect . when eventually found , the manual is better than the one enclosed with the camera - in that it contains some information that one could not figure out oneself - but it also is written at no more than a fourth grade level . panoramics , one of the advertising points of the camera , are another disappointment . basically the way it works is that 2 or 3 images can be taken in ` panoramic mode ' , each subsequent shot is overlain by a thin strip of the preceding image , in order to allow alignment . as with most ` panoramic modes ' focus and exposure is locked on the first image . so far , this is all ok ; however , it rapidly goes downhill . first , the max image size of the individual shots is limited to 5 ( not 7 ) mp . next , the image overlay is so dark that , even with the lcd set at max brightness , it is difficult to see through the mask to align the elements . however , it gets worse . the images must be joined in-camera ! the individual images cannot be stored ! in-camera processing is very slow and very battery hungry . aligning the overlaps on a grainy 1.5x2 " lcd in the field gives , in spite of the camera 's best efforts , much poorer results than aligning them on a much bigger , and higher quality , computer display in the comfort and controlled lighting of your home . the best way to take panoramas with this camera is to use a lightmeter to determine exposure for each segment , and then simply take the appropriate series of images as 7mp single-stills , making exposure compensation adjustments based on your light-meter readings . of course , my smallest lightmeter is almost as large as this camera , so we will not be dragging it along . you can eyeball the needed ec close enough that should be able to match the exposures up in production . much better if the v705 allowed the individual images to be saved . reading back through this review , i see that it is mostly negative . this makes sense , for , as i disclosed at the beginning , it was my disappointment in this camera 's actual vs advertised capability which led me to write the review in the first place . likely i have said all that needs to be said . so i will just close by mentioning that the only reason we did not send the camera back is because of the wide-angle lens . except for this unique lens , the camera 's performance and ease of use is below that of similarly priced p&s cameras currently on the market . if you need a true wide-angle p&s , you need this camera . otherwise forget it 
health pos 20.txt the cherry covered choccolate luna bars are quite tasty . chances are , if you 're eating a chocolate cherry nutrition bar , you need a little enticement to eat healthy . like all these bars you do get sick of the same flavor day after day . i recommend alternating between these and another bar that 's not so sweet ( kashi trail mix bars are perfect ) . that helps me stick to the bars instead of hitting up the zillion calorie pastries at the corner coffee shop 
books pos 58.txt this book turns the entire concept of intelligence inside out . seriously mind-blowing . excellent exercise in extended mental gymnastics . you wo n't be disappointed 
books pos 484.txt this is probably my favorite book in med school so far . it is long , but very readable , has excellent pictures and diagrams , and the clinical cases are fantastic . highly recommended 
dvd pos 336.txt this movie was the first dvd i ever bought ! it is truly a gem . i like the infinifilm bonus features . ( it may not have been called infinifilm at this time . ) brett ratner is truly a comedic genius , and really gives the customer great quality dvd's . the movie is funny and interesting enough . i enjoyed the scenes in several different locales . i enjoyed the physical interactions between jackie and chris tucker . i think the stunts were wonderfully orchestrated . jackie chan is a genius at physical comedy . i highly recommend this dvd . two thumbs up ! ! ! mc white said : check it out ! ! ! 
camera neg 82.txt these are my experiences with the extender mounted to my eos 10d . i 'm currently debating whether or not to buy it for my new 30d , but it looks like i do n't want to risk wasting my money . let me explain : let me start by saying that the only reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it did prevent my nose from smudging the lcd screen . i shoot events at nightclubs a lot , so i 'm always ( a ) running around to get shots , causing me to sweat , which causes a sweaty and oily nose tip and ( b ) i always show the subjects their photos after i take them , so having a smudgy screen can be kind of annoying . for further clarification , i 'm asian , so my nose is not as defined or long as other ethnicities . i run around a lot when i shoot . so the constant activity eventually led the extender to naturally fall off . i got lucky once , and found it in the general vicinity of where i was , but the second time , i was n't so lucky . so what did i do ? i purchased another one . not only did i have to purchase the extender , i had to purchase the viewfinder replacement ( the piece with the soft rubber ) because that was attached to the lost extender . another 2 weeks in , and again , same problem . i did n't even bother buying any replacements , as by this time , i upgraded to the 30d . if you do n't plan on doing a lot of running around , then this piece may be okay for you . however , please take into consideration that this piece also fell off for me while putting my camera back in my canon backpack . for some reason , the piece did n't fit tightly with the mount on the camera . another problem , as most people mentioned , is that images are very noticeably smaller through this extender , so be prepared to have strained eyes if you plan on using your camera all day . i guess i 'll check it out at my local camera shop and see how it fits with the 30d ; i 'll be sure to write another review if the results are different than with the 10d 
music neg 968.txt this cd is , without a doubt amazing . stars are lost because prior to recording , you would think the guitarist would invest in a damn noise gate for his guitar rig . his tone is crushing & sounds perfect , but the second he stops playing , every time ssssqqqqqquuuueeeaaaalllll . it 's annoying to the point of only being able to tolerate so many songs at once , because it is a chronic problem in every song . 
music pos 675.txt what makes a voice distinctive and memorable ? nat ( king ) cole i believe had the smoothest voice of any male singer . clarity and a sureness in phrasing was also gifts of his . aside from ' unforgettable ' the songs i best remember are ' mona lisa ' and ' nature boy' . but this recording also includes originals of the ' nat king cole trio' . it also includes the famous duet put together of ' unforgettable ' from his early version and his daughter natalie cole 's recording made after he had passed on . that particular recording was a ' knockout ' sentimental and beautiful . 
health neg 470.txt i do n't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose . i do n't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all ; as i said i do n't have a huge melon like mike myers 's brother in " so i married an axe murderer " . the idea / concept is great but...i 'll probably return them . unfortunate because i was really looking forward to using them . people with really big heads , caveat emptor 
software neg 261.txt i just installed autoroute 2007. there is a feature in autoroute where you can display various places of interest on the map . in this version , for some installations you can not hide restaurants . this has been reported on the microsoft uk autoroute community website . i loaded the program on a second computer with the same result . both systems run window xp pro . this means for certain cities , like paris , at certain magnifications , the map is completely cluttered with small green squares which indicate the location of a restaurant . microsoft only indicates that they will enter this bug into the work request for the next version of autoroute . they also say earlier versions were not affected . you may want to buy 2007 but check out your ability to show / hide all of the items of interest right away and be prepared to be dissappointed . i am going to try finding autoroute 2006 for sale 
music neg 584.txt first bill has never nor will he ever be a jazz musician . it seems that those who branch out and play multiple styles are often lauded for expanding the vocabulary . here 's what chaps my hide the most . bill has somehow captured the attention of hordes of budding guitarist with their effect pedals all strung out as if they were getting ready for a space shuttle launch . it burns me too no end when a person calls himself a & quot ; jazz&quot ; guitarist , but does n't really have any chops . i know bill has been called anti-technique , but what does that really mean ? would you want a heart transplant performed by a surgeon that means well , but really is n't very good at what he / she does ? this guy is getting built up as something new and it seems every time i turn around someone that knows absolutely nothing about jazz guitar is throwing this guy in my face . i 've been a professional jazz guitarist for 12 years and teaching for 8 years . when i have guys that actually debate me that bill is somehow doing more interesting things than say pat martino , or that bill could somehow hang in a jam session with someone like pat martino , i have to shake my head in disbelief in how twisted and mixed up this world has become when charlatans are giving more credit than someone like pat who has been on the road for years and paid dues that frisell could n't imagine . is bill frisell a jazz musician , no ! maybe if the guy could woodshed for a dozen years he 'd come up with something . for me i 'll stick with the guys that really know how to play......johnny smith , peter leitch , jim hall , pat martino , kenny burrell , billy bauer , tal farlow , lenny breau , jimmy bruno , jimmy raney , wes montgomery and so on 
camera neg 358.txt broke the day after i got it . but when it worked i loved it 
music neg 566.txt i think someone forgot to tell molotov that rap-metal / rock-rap was dead . had potential , but the simple riffage and annoying rapping killed it for me 
camera pos 806.txt i 'm like most people with a digital camera . i take a bazillion pictures , develop 10% onto paper , and then banish the other 90% to computer storage archives . i mean , i 'd love to display a lot more of those pictures from my computer , but who has the wall space or time to organize all of those prints ? that 's why i decided to get a digital picture frame . i had been looking for quite some time , but was always turned off by the small-ish lcd sizes or poor resolutions . then i came across this coby 10 " widescreen unit , with the 800x480 pixel display ! there were no reviews on amazon ( at the time ) , but spec-wise it had what i wanted ; a larger display and higher resolution . i took the chance and ordered one and am i glad i did ! the display is huge , and the pictures look crisp . colors are pretty accurate when compared to that of my calibrated lcd computer monitor . the interchangeable frames ( it comes with a black one as well as the white one ) make it easy to match with your dcor . the litte remote is easy to use , but easy to lose as well , so make sure you place it somewhere easy to find . the built-in mp3 player is a nice touch . the speakers are n't that great ( it is a picture frame after all ) , but it 's nice to have the frame play music while in slideshow mode . there is a variety of transition effects to choose from . i have n't tried playing videos on it , so i ca n't comment on that feature . that being said , there are a few things that prevent me from giving this 5 stars . 1. the adjustable stand is made of cheap feeling plastic . i 've seen other frames that have much nicer backs . yes , i know it 's the front you are looking at , but the stand should be sturdier , in my opinion . 2. the angle of the stand , while adjustable , is simply held in place by friction . it actually has one setting that it can click into , but then it is angled too much to view at a normal position . 3. there seems to be a software bug that causes the display to act weird in slideshow mode . well , to be more precise , if you are in slideshow mode and you choose either the fade , mask , or cross comb transition effects , then the very top horizontal pixel line starts to show black sections . it looks like dead pixels , but once you exit the slideshow ( or use other effects other than then ones i listed ) everything is fine . i have recreated this problem , but i do n't know if it 's just my frame or all of these . no biggie . i now use no transition effects it is perfect . 4. this is not really a complaint about the product but more about coby 's specs . on their website they state the lcd is 800x480. great ! so i ordered the frame and then resized a whole bunch of pictures to that resolution . however , when i got the frame and started using it , i noticed that all of my pictures had black ( blank ) bars on both the left and right sides of the picture . it turns out that the resolution is actually 860x480 ( which i found out after some trial-and-error ) . it would have been nice to know this ahead of time to save me from having to re-resize my pictures . plus , sizing pictures to 860x480 is a really weird ratio.. . kinda like getting 4x7 prints . i ordered this from total electronics ( one of the amazon vendors ) and it arrived quickly . when i reported the " dead pixel " problem ( which turned out to be a software bug , not a defect , so to speak ) , they responded to my email quickly and offered to take it back no questions asked . now that 's customer service ! overall , i am very pleased with this product . in reality , it rates 4.5 stars . i 'm the type of person that agonizes over something before finally buying it . with this purchase , that was totally unncessary ! 
music pos 924.txt this is a really great follow up to allison moorer 's debut album alabama song . the hardest part , her sophomore cd , was released two years after her debut in september 2000. it builds on the sound presented on her first , and the songs are nothing short of great . my favorite track , though not her own , is her emotional reading of the rolling stones ' & quot ; bring me all your lovin&quot ; . she makes this song into her own . & quot ; no next time&quot ; is another favorite , the lyrics are excellent , a great breakup song . the title track is a nice midtempo country number . & quot ; send down an angel&quot ; is very sad but touching at the same time . other highlights include & quot ; it 's time that i tried&quot ; , & quot ; day you said goodbye&quot ; , & quot ; is it worth it&quot ; and & quot ; feeling that feeling again&quot ; . overall , to me this is her best album . you ca n't go wrong with any of them but this is an artistic acheivement , and one of her best albums yet 
camera neg 306.txt this battery does not fit the camera i purchased . the camera comes with a battery , so why did you try to sell me another one , one that does not fit , no less ? i have returned the battery but have not heard back from you on the return . it has been two weeks 
camera neg 334.txt i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation . 
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great 
dvd neg 985.txt i 'm not a fan of stephen king film adaptations . the only one i like is carrie bec it was directed by brian depalma and featured terrific performances by sissy spacek and piper laurie . cujo is boring and not all that suspenseful . i could n't wait for it to end . not worth purchasing . okay as a rental 
dvd neg 50.txt the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . from the moment they reached king kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . how can anyone feel anything for king kong ? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong . the villains of the movie were my heroes . i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end 
software pos 555.txt i really like my new windows vista upgrade.the graphics are stunning and it is extremely user friendly.infact , i liked vista business so much , i upgraded to the ultimate version.both versions are very easy to install ; many people seem to be waiting for ' all the bugs to be worked out ' but , honestly , the bugs are n't a problem.it is important to run the advisor about -is your system ready for vista before you install - to get rid of any conflicts your computer might have with vista ; other than that everything else is a breeze . use my system about 6 hours a day and am using a xps 700 dell computer go for it , you 'll have lots of fun ! 
music pos 919.txt whoa.. . this cd rocks , one of my favorite anti-flag albums for sure . this cd may not be what some of the harder punk fans want from anti-flag but i think it also shows they 're growth as a band . they can play more than just really loud hard punk ( though they play that awesome too ! ! ) . some of the songs on this album incredibly powerful , and some are really catchy too . war sucks lets party is a great anarchist anthem , and one trillion dollars is amazingly moving ( i mean , seriously ! 1 trillion $ spent on weapons around the world in 2004 ! ) every track is good and has its own message ! they seem to have no problem coming up w / new songs.. . there are so many things to ridicule in our gov . i just wish that more people would listen to this band 's message . peace and lov 
music pos 541.txt does anyone know whether this set will become available on sacd or dvd audio format ? how would you contact grp records to ask ? i only give it four stars until multichannel format appears . 
music neg 711.txt i ordered the dvd of damn yankees to watch on tv for my daughter because she is doing a play and needed it for the day i ordered it . i paid for fast delivery because she had a deadline and we were thrilled to receive it on time but was very disappointed to see that it was the cd of only music ! i do n't think i will order from amazon again , it was my first time and probably my last . liz snyde 
health pos 613.txt i 've used this product with two of my children with out problems . i have never had a leak unlike with some of the other brands . suggestions : write the date on the bag before you start to pump or a nurse once suggested that you use labels . also , never fill the bag ! it 's only meant to hold 6 oz . these bags are much thicker than the gerber bags and they are the only ones to have the double zipper . i used these liners with my avent disposable system and standard bottles . i 've gone through over 600 of these bags and i must say amazon has the best price around 
health neg 576.txt i bought this and it worked fine the first time that i used it . granted , it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom . however , i have tried it in my infant 's room 4 times this winter . i used hot water & salt to try to help it , but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam . maybe all of the " steam " energy is being used on the night light ! if you have your home 's thermostat set under 78 degrees , do not waste your money on this item ! find something stronger to get you through the winter months 
books pos 505.txt this book has a wealth of information for any practitioner of yoga , from beginner to advanced . the content is concise and practical , and the poses are sequenced in a way that allows for a gradual and safe progression in the practice . there are also dozens of practice sequences given for both improvement and how to treat common ailments through yoga . the introduction is especially valuable , as it offers a no fluff in-depth commentary on the philosophical thought behind the asana practice . i pick it up again and again and am still referring to it after nearly 15 years of owing it . my copy is dog eared and loved , and was well worth every penny . an earlier reviewer mentioned that the photos and layout were not user friendly , and only gave the book two stars , which is a shame . this book was first printed in the mid 1960 's - over 40 years ago ! it was the first yoga book of it 's kind to ever be printed , and it 's content is timeless and as relevant today as ever . mr. iyengar even had to struggle with his then publisher to be allowed to include so many photos , as it was so expensive in those days to print such a book . i say hats off to the man who brought yoga to the west long before it was ready . he 's a pioneer and a virtuoso of his craft , and his marvelous work should never be over overlooked just because it does n't come in some glossy package fit for the masses 
dvd neg 636.txt this complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie . with cringingly awful acting , laughable special effects ( the ridiculous head in a bucket is a real guffaw moment ) , appalling dubbed dialogue , cheesy music , inconsistent and confusing plot and no tension or atmosphere , the grim reaper is a total disaster . do n't waste your money on this turkey . 
software neg 466.txt when i click the " update components " , i 'm continually told that " the feature is still initializing , please try again later " . this will happen even if i 've had the program open for hours . i 've contacted trend micro , followed their instructions for a workaround , but that still did n't help 
camera pos 785.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
books neg 370.txt i see where this would be appealing to sum . i just never " got it " . oh well . 
software pos 574.txt this is one of the best graphics suites that i have ever used . it is very user friendly and all the my students that i have used it have really liked it . the toolbars are easy to find and the entire program is filled with outstanding graphics tools . this is a must have for anyone who is serious about graphics 
music pos 238.txt really nothing on this is bad . the best imho is rubyhorse , the brian jonestown massacre and the subways but a case could be made for any of the songs . the only problem is now i have 8 other cds i need to buy 
music neg 630.txt i remember buying a record by dna when it first came out...and i was really surprised later when arto lindsay and the ambitious lovers were able to turn this mess into great music . this is very unprofessiona 
health pos 780.txt i was skeptical about this product but tried it anyway . it does work and it does eliminate the dip in the middle our mattress had formed . this has given our mattress a little more life so it will last a little longer until it 's time to give in and buy a new one 
health pos 583.txt i like the portability and adjustability of this mirror . it takes up little space and can be stowed away very compactly . it serves my needs very well . i was disappointed that only the magnifying mirror is lit . i tend to use the normal mirror more often . the other is the clock loses it 's setting when i stow it away . it has to be reset and left out if you were really wanting to use the clock feature . as far as i am concerned...i was looking for a mirror and really could care less about the clock 
software pos 964.txt this product did an excellent job of figuring our taxes . this is the first time we 've tried something like this and found it very easy to follow and complete . you can go back and change things or review them , it gives you a way to e-file , you can print out all the copies that you may need . i was surprised how easy it was to use . however it took us a long time because we read all the items very carefully and double checked everything but it saved us a lot of money from what we used to pay our tax preparer . i was very happy with it 
software pos 117.txt my experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . i ordered this program a little over a month ago . when i first received it from amazon , i was amazed at the shear size of the program . it has a huge 1 , 300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . it also comes with 34 cds that are loaded with images . this software is truly the largest set of art i have ever seen ! dealing with nova development is as easy to use as their software ! when i first opened the box i was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so i called tech support . i may have waited a whole 20 seconds before i began speaking with a technician . they walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . they were professional and courteous . this software gets an a+ in my book ! . 
health neg 996.txt when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroo 
books neg 945.txt this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction . 
dvd neg 849.txt i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have - - i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them - - not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra - - in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable . yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20 / 20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) " knowledge " of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge . one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : " you are n't anything like what we thought , " was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well - - in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures . all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it - - that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money 
books pos 182.txt this is a great beginner 's guide to home buying . the advice is straightforward and the explanations are easy to understand . buying a home is a scary and daunting prospect for me . i kept getting a lot of conflicting advice from relatives , friends , and coworkers on when to buy , what to buy , and how to buy . this is very frustrating as everyone means well , but what worked for them might not apply to me . and do n't bother asking a realtor or mortgage company if you should buy- -they make their living on our decisions to buy ! so i bought home buying for dummies to learn more , and it has a lot of sound and thoughtful guidance to help decide when and how much to buy.. . and also how to find a good home , and then negotiate with the realtors , the sellers , the mortgage companies , and everyone else that is sticking their hands in your wallet . the author 's advice is realistic , and he points out the pitfalls of jumping in and what trouble you can get into with the different loan options out there 
books neg 80.txt " the end of democracy " ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory 
health pos 132.txt it 's amazing how a little common sense can turn into a million you know what's . as soon as i tried these i realized how much better they are than the usual throat lozenges . why ? because others cause you to suck on them , and this strains your throat muscles , which is bad . gummi lozenges , it 's genius . why did n't i think of it . then again , i did , but i did n't create airborne which is wonderful in itself . really , these lozengers are great . at night if you use one they just stay pretty much stuck to the side of your throat and you can fall asleep without even the thought that you could shallow it and choke . just remember how long it takes for a normal lozenge to disolve without bitting it ( even then ) . these go pretty quick , and without crewing ( which is the best way to use them ) . i myself try to always have them in the house . you should , and will do the same after you try them . also the price on amazon is the best . i 'm about to order 10 boxes ( would order more but for the shipping charge , which even with is still cheaper then target ) . maybe the owner should put me on the payroll . 
software pos 551.txt within a couple days after installing dragon , it showed a high degree of accuracy . the accuracy depends on how late at night you dictate . it was installed on a 2.7 celeron with 512 of memory . the program generally keeps up quite well . the program works with comcast and aol free ride but seem to have a lot of glitches with aol.com 
books neg 817.txt how many times can you wear out the same story line . kahlan lost , kahlan found , kahlan lost again , kahlan found again . or richard lost , richard found , ohp...richard lost again , richard found again . goodkind has run out of ideas . he should put the sword of truth series down and move on to something fresh . 
books pos 234.txt received qickly and in great condition 
books pos 531.txt i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process . it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right . fine choice , sweetpea 
software neg 419.txt vista is appropriated named . vista defines something great to look at . if all you did was look at microsoft vista it would be the perfect operating system indeed . unfortunately vista is a computer operating system that was designed to be used and there is the problem . vista is so secure and so over burdened with layers upon burdensome processor power robbing layer of sheer garbage it is rendered totally completely and utterly useless . vista will take the fastest xp computer and turn it into a slow worthless pile of trash . vista is so slow it takes me back to the days when i used to walk away from my ibm at computer get a cup of coffee and walk around the building . what makes vista worse still is microsoft office 2007 the absolute pits in word processing . add office 2007 to vista and you wo n't be productive at all but dang wo n't it look pretty . if you just want to watch your computer make pretty colors and areo-glass catch yourself some goofs watch vista . when you want to work and be productive turn on your xp computer . windows 2000 and xp work hard while vista hardly works at all . vista is garbage do n't buy this dreck ! everything you try to do on vista is not allowed . almost every peice of equipment you run on vista needs to be updated to so called vista friendly versions . the messed up windows explorer to the point to where it is beyond useless . the problem with vista is that microsoft had taken all the wizards and helpful features far as they could in xp . in vista they had to try to top a operating system that pretty much did what you asked of it with little fuss . in vista the software code writers were just changing things because they could . vista makes nothing better or easier . in fact vista is built in a manner that almost seems to go out of its way to make even the most simple compater related tasks unpleasant needlessly long boring and tedious . in a word tedious is the best single word to describe microsoft windows vista . vista has succeeded in bringing the entire computer experience is painfully new level of the purely tedious that has not been dreamt of before ! i just wish i could give vista no stars or more honestly a negative star rating . i wo n't be buying vista for my current systems and even when i get a new computer i will not be using vista is it comes pre installed . i have my own old trusty xp disks and i will reinstalled xp the last useful usable operating system microsoft made . xp is the goofy kiddie skool like interface is ugliest operating system microsoft ever made but while it was an ugly duckling it did work pretty well . vista is by far the prettiest operating system microsoft has ever made but it is pretty and dumb . vista is over burdened with programmatic junk has a way to high opinion of itself . vista is so much more secure because all the dumb security features make the operating system unusable . any computer you make unusable is the most secure because you ca n't do any productive work on it . vista makes your computer experience endlessly tedious and makes your computer system a must see door stop . the philosophy of vista seems to be that a good computer should be seen but never productively used . vista is a great system for that well monied executive that wants to look busy while doing nothing productive 
software pos 464.txt i bought this niv study bible and really enjoy the options it provides : daily memorization . morning and evening meditation and many different ways to " read the whole bible in a year.. . read " ot nt ps and pr. in a year " . n.t. in six months " . " daily light on a daily path " . etc. there are many ways to approach your daily study . easy to navigate and can even highlight in colors . i would recommend this for anyone who wants to take the bible with them on the road or to work or wherever you take your palm pilot . 
music neg 767.txt well , ok , mehldau 's arrangements are n't bad...he does a great version of " paranoid android " but otherwise...where 's the energy ? there 's really not a whole lot of excitement or energy in this album , and i do understand this as being a more laid back , mellowed-out album...but it is still possible to be more exciting , energetic , or emotional in this style . all three of these things are pretty much absent from this cd which ends up making it dull . :yawn 
camera pos 522.txt i purchased this camera case for the kodak z650. this case is perfect for the kodak z650. it looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an sd card or two . i 'm very happy with this purchase 
dvd pos 907.txt this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy 's life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young " love " . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena 's sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie . 
software pos 280.txt i have got a virus that cause files " comment.htt " appeared in many folders and my previous antivirus can detect them but can not destroy that virus . i tried to use another 2 antiviruses but not effective . so i try kav and it works ! also kav does not slow my computer like some big-named antivirus . autoupdate feature is cool . we do not have to click anything and the prize is reasonable 
books neg 398.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
books pos 681.txt i used to draw animals and buildings years ago and decided i wanted to go back to that . and add fantasy creatures to my ability . this books covers drawing people , creatures and buildings . if you already having some drawing skill , this book is a great help . 
health pos 846.txt fantastic , a great product , especially considering the price . i love the size . i love that the height is adjustable . it is exactly what i wanted , and i am thrilled with it . 
books pos 741.txt i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again 
health pos 200.txt it takes some getting used to , but once you do you will love it . it leaves my teeth cleaner than any toothbrush , electric or other , that i have ever used . you feel at first like it is totally strange ( it is ! ) . does n't take more than a few times using it to realize that it 's a great concept and so much faster than anything else . i have no buyers remorse . i just wish that changing the brushes on it were simpler so one brush could be shared with another person . you really are best to have one per person with this one since changing the brush a lot is a hassle 
software neg 165.txt this is the worst version of adobe illustrator to be released since version 9. opens files that i 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ' saved ' versions . crashes . ca n't save for mysterious reasons . writes " version 10 " files with text split into pieces . such a fine product ! really glad i paid money for it ! ! i downgraded back to irritator 10 
music neg 810.txt mindless jock rock masterminded by a dope fiend . this kind of crap could n't even sell a can of coke these days . choreographed crunches of noise as lame as a crackhead on crutches . i hear scott weiland kept a billy goat in his trailer during the making of this snoozer - - and that when recording was all done the goat was nowhere to be found , but scotty was sporting a fresh new goatie 
health pos 93.txt i have had omord hr-100c for a few months now . i use it wile on my treadmill . it seems to take a wile before it starts to register the hart rate ; i think it is because the sending unit needs some moisture to make good contact with your skin . i did have some trouble with the unit when i first started using it ; i replaced the battery in the sending unit which solved the problem . the fact that the battery is user replaceable is one of the main reasons i picked the omord brand . the hr-100c is a bare bones unit and does a good job if you are looking for an inexpensive basic hart rate monitor 
music neg 957.txt please make these songs available to listen - with windowsmedia ! 
camera pos 760.txt this is a cool implimentation of a much needed device for those with d200s . the camera loves batteries . having two is good ! having the ability to watch one drain and knowing there 's another on standbye is a fine feeling . knowing that there are two more batteries in the case waiting is even better ! for a full day of shooting , you need this and some serious memory . highly recommended . also handles aas.. . always good in field conditions 
software neg 613.txt i purchased this product after reading many negative reviews on other products ( my last internet security product was pc-cillin , i did n't renew because of the low ratings for 2007 ) . what i found was that an huge load was put on my processor , and system memory apparently because i use a program that feeds video over the internet from a network cam . i never had problems like this before , and after some research on the za support site , i found other users who were having similar problems with their processors overclocking . vsmon.exe seems to be the culprit , and is the main component of the zone alarm product . everything seems fine , as long as i do n't try to use video over the internet ( including im webcams ) . i would recommend thinking about if you intend on using webserver programs before making this purchase 
books neg 25.txt this is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature . it is timely but it is not timeless . not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly . not one scene is memorable . the true nature of the book - - soap opera- - is cloaked under its many pages . messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story , and she seems to have believed her publicity machine . i ca n't believe that her husband , who a great literary critic , would not talk her out of publishing this . oh. i forgot . money and fame trumps quality every time . 
dvd pos 808.txt this is a great dvd . i bought it for my son , who has special needs . he attends a lot of dances and is always on the dance floor , but has never been able to figure out how to do the electric slide or macarena . neither my husband nor i knew how to do these dances either . i played the " party line dances " dvd , and asked my son to follow shawn 's instructions . pretty soon he was moving along with shawn , and doing very well . and by joining a few of our son 's practices , my husband and i quickly picked up the dance moves too . my son now participates fully , and we look forward to line dancing at our own occasions 
software pos 786.txt i have a new compaq pc - amd athlon 64 , 1 / 2-gig ram , 200+gb hdd - and nis-2005 came pre-installed . it worked and continues to work fine for me - and i am able to get all my updates regularly w / o any problems . however i am a single desktop user with normal needs - not a power user . that , and if you have a high-end pc - then this product should be quite adequat 
camera pos 385.txt this camera is perfect for me i have a [...] an a [...] an it always seems there doing something ide like to catch on film . this camcorder is small enough that some days i have it in my jacket pocket an the instant on makes it really easy to catch them moments that are usually gone by the time you get them big cameras out of the bag an ready to go . also it can extract a still picture out of a video clip so them candid shots are never missed . the settings for this camera are really easy to understand an use . it takes really good video 's an pictures although ive not taken alot of still pictures because i like to extract that perfect picture out of a video clip . this camera takes video cards so your not always downloading onto your pc . ive got a few 2 gig cards so ive always have one in the camera ready to go . the battery does not last a long time so i recommend a couple extra , there pretty cheep here on amazon an it usually takes one battery to download onto pc if you have it hooked up to your pc for any lengh of time . i dont know anything about camera 's an how they work i just like to take the pictures an so far this has been the easiest camera / camcorder ive seen 
dvd pos 431.txt an awesome film with some suspense and raunchiness all rolled in to one 
music pos 227.txt my son loves music and really likes dan zanes . we started with the videos on disney and the " catch that train " song really got us singing , so we ordered this cd . now my son sings along with it , dances and jumps around . dan zanes really is fun for the family 
software pos 794.txt i recently purchased this software to redesign my bathroom and bedroom . compared to other products that i have evaluated , punch ! interior design suite wins hands-down in the areas of versatility , stability , and 3d . it includes many precision , dimension , and viewing options that allow you to make both simple and complex designs . using the split 2d / 3d mode also helps with placing components such as windows and doors . after i completed the drawings i showed them to my builder and he was able to remodel the rooms exactly as i had envisioned them . like most software i have used , this package does contains a learning curve . i by no means consider myself a computer guru and i had to put in a little practice time . you will find , however , a plethora of resources available both on-line and within the manual / tutorials to assist you with your project 
health pos 173.txt i can say before i started to use this product i was always afraid of wearing white clothings but tide to go has totally changed everything . initially i thought this was just a gimmick but i thought it was worth a try , ...soo...i bought it with me during our two-week trip with my parents in august..and it came handy...my dad bought a brand new white jacket and had it put on immediately and then decided to drink a cup of coffee..unfortunately , he spilled the coffee on the white jacket when he tried to open the lid to put sugar in it...my mother immediately wiped the coffee off with napkins..the coffee stain , however , was still there...then..i remember i had put a tide-to-go in my purse...i immediately used it on all coffee stains on the white jacket...and to my surpise , all the brown spots resulted from the coffee spill were gone...amazing..i have used this on different kind of food stains . i 've used it on coffee stain , spaghetti sauce stain , juice stain and they all worked . my mother , my mother-in-law , and my sister-in law they were all so amazed at the result that they all asked me for one to carry with them . nowadays i do n't leave home without one in my purse..i used to be afraid of wearing white clothings , i am no longer afraid of wearing whites because of tide-to-go..this is definitely a useful product to carry with you everywhere you go..oh..as far as the smell goes..the smell is bearable to me...and in order to use it you have to push it down to get the actual fluid to flow out through the tip of the tide-to-go marker . 
dvd neg 878.txt the quiet earth is overrated for a variety of reasons that will be discussed below . this movie is not the epic , thought-provoking , intelligent sci fi i was led to believe it was . it 's actually very overrated , and fans of intelligent sci fi such as 2001 or primer will likely be very disappointed . the first 30 minutes or so are jaw-dropping . i was really getting geared up for what i was sure was going to become one of my all-time favorites . the scenes of bruno standing above the wrecked passenger jet , driving around a mall , the sun rising to the haunting score- -all unforgettable . the scenes where bruno starts to lose it , running around in a slip brandishing a shotgun , setting up cardboard figures of celebrities and pretending he 's their ruler , giving them speeches ( that 's why i deserve to be president...of the quiet earth...i 've been condemned to live ) are all great . after this point the movie starts to disintegrate , and quickly . the female character is highly irritating , so much so that i think i would have ditched her and looked for other survivors . api is also highly irritating , and when the film veers away from its central mystery and starts devolving into yet another film about a petty love triangle- -my thumbs were pointing down , way down . something needs to be said about the ending of this film . so many people have said that it 's " deep . " how is it " deep ? " how is it deep when it 's just a gimmicky way to quickly wrap a rather dodgy film that really does n't have anything to say ? let 's examine this . many people argue the following ( and if they were correct the film would 've been much better than it was ) : the main character is a scientist who convinces himself that project flashlight resulted in " the effect " ( even though others here insist on calling it " the event " ) which made everyone else disappear . the main characters come to believe that " the effect " did n't snatch them up too because they were died right when it happened . but what if there is n't any " effect " at all ? what if these are just three people who died and then went to another earth where there are n't any people ? the scientist then convinces himself that " the effect " is going to happen again , and , understandably fed up with the fact that the only other two people on earth are a bonkers , daffy , annoying woman and a nutty , homicidal maniac , decides to basically kill himself while blowing up the satellite for project flashlight . he dies again and ends up on another world , one which this time does n't even resemble earth . the end . it would have been very clever if this was what was going on , if there really was n't an " effect " at all and if the three protagonists had just happened to go to the same place when they died . unfortunately , all the critics saying " they went to another earth where everyone else was gone " are forgetting something : the dead bodies ! i know there are n't a lot , but remember , there 's the radiation burn guy in the science station , and there 's the dead guy on the hood of his car , and the dead woman holding a cb radio , etc. if they went to another earth where life was absent , why are there dead people ? the real answer is that this movie was not very well thought out , that it does n't make sense , and that the ending is just a cheap and easy way to try and appear impressive . according to the people who worked on the film , " the effect " obviously did occur , and what happens at the end is that when the scientist tries to kill himself a second time he dies , again , at the exact moment that " the effect " occurs a second time . so at the end , " the effect " does occur a second time , which means the girl and api are history , and the scientist , as he again dies when " the effect " occurs , moves on one more time . another point that is made in the dvd commentary is that the film was made by a catholic , so the obvious purgatory then heaven tripe comes to mind . also highly irritating is that for a scientist , the main character is not very smart . he laments that he 's the last person on earth and then he runs into a nutty woman . they find a nutty guy named api and then the three of them conclude they 're the last three people on earth ! what ? ! are they totally daft ? a scientist would quickly reason that if there were three people within such a small region of the same city then there are probably other people in the city , more people than that throughout the rest of new zealand , and even more people in bigger places such as america , europe , and asia . that his first conclusion is always that " they 're the only ones " only demonstrates his stupidity . they come to believe that they all died at the same time , right when " the effect " occurred , and that that 's why they remained on earth . well , if three people died at the exact same time in the same city in tiny new zealand , then many , many other people must 've died at that time throughout the rest of the massive world . 
camera neg 978.txt i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price 
software pos 615.txt this is a cool game in a lot of ways . i was jazzed about it because of the era it represents . but the complexity and inscrutability of the setup menus is somewhat offputting . the huge disapointment , however , is this : the online registration code is missing . utterly missing . and there is no resource available on the net to help . the u.s.a. help number is disconnected . you will not be able to play online . period . the developer 's forums are full of posts about this problem . no resolution... . beware . demand more of the makers of the products you purchase . this is extremely bad 
software pos 380.txt i 'm an old school comic book collectors and i bought this in order to see what the technology has done with the print page . this is more about collecting the stories than it is about collecting the art- -and i still find there 's no substitute for the feel of those magical pages 
dvd pos 740.txt it 's difficult to identify the exact pinnacle of alfred hitchcock 's masterworks , especially as he had a most fruitful period during the 1950 's until the 1960 classic " psycho " , but 1946 's " notorious " is arguably his most perfectly crafted and cast film . first , there is a sharp , intensely plotted script by the estimable ben hecht that focuses on alicia huberman , the daughter of a convicted nazi spy , and t.r. devlin , an american agent hired to convince alicia to spy on a clandestine group of neo-nazis based in rio de janeiro . this means she would have to seduce and eventually marry alex sebastian , a key group member who has never gotten over alicia in his heart . this triangle is embodied by three stars at the height of their powers . a primarily poker-faced cary grant portrays devlin close to the vest and charismatically hides his emotions under a veil of cold arrogance . in a series of scenes that pierce with a subverted eroticism , devlin falls in love with alicia but cannot find the courage to admit that to himself or to her . claude rains , on the other hand , imbues sebastian with such an open romanticism and sad streaks of jealousy that we can actually sympathize with a nazi war criminal a year after wwii ended , quite a daring feat within the film 's historical context . at the vortex , though , is ingrid bergman , who probably gives her most accomplished performance as alicia . at the time , she was deified as the chaste mother superior in leo mccarey 's harmless " the bells of st. mary 's " with bing crosby . bergman turned a smart corner here as a " loose " woman in love with the bottle until she is transformed by her love for devlin , at which point , she becomes a stylish decoy to draw the nave sebastian to her alluring charms . ethereally beautiful and constantly pained , she conveys much of her character 's feelings through her eyes and subtle facial expressions because she and grant portray two people who ca n't admit they desperately want to be together even if her life depends on it . their failure to communicate leads to alicia sinking deeper into the morass of some nasty espionage business that ultimately puts her life in jeopardy . the chemistry between the two legends is palpable , especially in the then-controversial , three-minute kissing sequence that put censors into a tizzy . however , above all , this is a hitchcock film , the film is filled with his genius for ingenious subjective camerawork and suspenseful set pieces , the latter perfectly illustrated by the party sequence at sebastian 's mansion starting with an unbelievable dolly shot right into alicia 's hand clasping the cellar key , which she passes to devlin to find what is being hidden in the wine bottles . there are intriguing performances on the sidelines with louis calhern as the head of the american agency in rio and the intimidating madame konstantin as alex 's ice-cold mother , both displaying a machiavellian spirit to get what they want . the criterion collection has done another masterful job with their dvd package , including an alternative audio commentary track featuring renowned hitchcock scholar marian keane providing insightful scene-specific analysis and film historian rudy behlmer . as was common with movie hits of the day , the movie was recreated in condensed form for radio , and the 1948 lux radio theater adaptation starring the voices of ingrid bergman and joseph cotten is included as well . there are also lots of still photos , a collection of trailers and teasers , and even production correspondence and script excerpts of deleted scenes and alternate endings for the more anal-retentive among us . this is a true classic and required viewing for any fan of hitchcock , bergman , grant or rains 
dvd pos 472.txt there ca n't be a better storyteller than teddy ruxpin . as i child i was enthralled with this animated story and would impatiently play with my toy teddy ruxpin as i waited for saturday morning to come again so i could see another episode of the tv series . this show has a clear progression of plot development that starts right from episode one . so many cartoons are just one-shots , an individual small plot for each episode . teddy ruxpin was an epic adventure that caught you up and carried you along for a fantastic adventure ! along the way , kids learn important morals , values , and a lot about their own world . this is a fantastic cartoon to share with children of any age . and what a great price ! well worth it ! 
camera pos 225.txt i spent alot of time evaluating this product . finally after reading the reviews i dug deep and spent the extra dollars to get this lense . it has been a wounderful addition to my canon reble . it is a very high quality product that is easy to use and delivers beautiful shot every time . 
dvd neg 564.txt just look how many are for sale , thats got to be a clue on how horrible this film is . it has so much nudity and bad language it was disgusting . i fastforwarded about 70% of the movie ! and what got me was on the back it says " family-friendly " im still laughing about that ! what has this world come to ? i would never let my kids watch it let alone anyone ! even my husband was disgusted and wanted me to write this review so some poor person does n't buy or rent this movie . im embarassed that i rented it ! please turn away now 
music pos 30.txt i would say that this is the closest that cheap trick ever got to making a perfect album . there are only two songs on here that i 'm not one hundred percent crazy about...the slow and gloomy depressing title track and ' on the radio ' , which i think kisses up to radio d.j. 's too much . i love the rest of this . this album was my introduction to cheap trick and i would definitely recommend it to anybody as introduction to them . ' surrender ' is an out and out classic and possibly my favorite cheap trick song of all time . like most of the rest of the album , it 's heavy , it 's catchy , has great singing and interesting lyrics , and it says all it has to say in three to five minutes . ' auf weidersehen ' is another favorite tune of mine...it may be one of the heaviest tunes c.t. has ever done . i particularly love bun e . 's energetic drumming on it . zander really rips his vocal chords to shreads on this tune ! another great hard rocker is ' stiff competition' . of the more pop oriented songs , i would say ' taking me back ' is another personal favorite of mine . probably should have been a hit , dang it ! ' how are you ' shows off the band 's terrific sense of humor...i particularly like the reference to one of their earlier songs ! the other tunes from the first half that i did n't mention are also terrific , particularly ' on top of the world ' . my only complaint about this newly remastered version is that it does n't include the lyrics , which were included on the original lp version . that is but a minor complaint . i do n't think cheap trick ever made another album quite as great as this one . 
health neg 686.txt what a waste of money . not only was it just average in size but it was made of incredibly flimsy , really cheap plastic . 
software pos 894.txt i have had my computer for a couple of years now , and i have always wondered if there was ever a product out there to help me rid my computer of waste . well this product was recommended to me by a family member , and i am impressed as to how well it does ! ! i have never had so much success with one all-in-one product as i have the system mechanic 6 professional , and the fact that it came with virus protection was and added bonus for me too . if your computer is slower than slow i definately recommend that you use this product to get rid of the unnecessary junk on your system , and keep up to date with the latest viruses out there . i do n't think i will ever go back to mccafee again ! 
dvd pos 25.txt feeding the cat...those girls shold put on a sweater . love this movie , 50 's detective noir set in 70 's california . the beach , the hospital , mexico , the supermarket , it 's all great - and the theme song keeps going throughout over and over . final scene pays homage to the third man , beautiful . a bit of violence , but " that 's how i treat someone i love , and i do n't even like you " . never seen an elliot gould movie i like more than this , & it 's my favorite altman as well 
dvd pos 430.txt it 's not a great movie , but it 's a lot of fun . this is one of those movies that just catches me . it 's quirky and has some decent ( for it 's day ) effects . there are a feww laugh out loud momments . truth be told they are few and far between . some great bit characters make up a fun ensemble . the cast is pretty damn cool , with urich being upstaged by ron pearlman , angellica houston , john mat. . mattus.. . the big guy . anyway , it 's cornball comedy with a basic plot . hey what do you want ? it 's 80 's chessy goodness and more fun that it should have been . i still giggle at the time warp battle 
books pos 269.txt the penguin guide is still the best in the business . it has its biases but you ca n't beat its comprehensiveness and the reviewers wide range and love of the music are evident 
health pos 599.txt i 'm not a sucker for advertising and i 'm definitely not an impulse buyer . but i did purchase a schick quattro razor some time ago to replace my old , tired blade . and i 've been satisfied thoroughly with it . however , after needing some refills , i bought these titanium coated blades . wow . i did n't believe it at first but i actually took a new titanium blade and the regular schick blades and ( i ca n't believe i 'm about to confess this.. . ) did one of those hokey " side-by-side " tests . this blade is excellent . it is an upgrade above their standard blade and , to me , worth the difference in price 
health pos 106.txt i really liked the outside design of the book . a lot of books were " cartoonish " and really was drawn to the look of the book . i wish the book did not have so much random fill-in pages . i had hoped that it would have blanks to fill in for different events / ages of the child . but all in all i am pleased with it . i would most likely buy again 
books pos 271.txt the product was in excellent condition and the shipping was the fastest i have seen to be from regular postal service . it got here less than a week 
camera pos 950.txt this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera . 
books neg 366.txt a favourite writer goes to prison , keeps a diary which proves to be an enjoyable read , then , upon his release , writes the worst book of his career . the concept of the book is good , as is the idea to blend the characters into the 9-11 tragedy . the first 20 pages flow with typical archer style . then the characters begin to make a series of continuously irrational decisions . my personnal favourite is when 2 characters independantly consider driving either to canada or mexico in order to fly to europe during the 9-11 grounding of air traffic . the idea that new yorkers would n't know that montreal is the nearest international airport seem laughable . while there is a direct highway to montreal , archer sends the main character to toronto which reqires a least 6 different highway changes , is in the wrong direction and nearly twice the drive . once at the border , the border patrol guard turns out to be a world class art historian who apparantly does n't know that mcgill university is in montreal not toronto as is claimed by our hero . the guard then remarks that he will " meet " a collegue of the hero when that peron travels up to the conference . the idea that only one border guard is working the dozens of eastern us / canadian border crossings , with multi-lane checkpoints 24 / 7 is simply the work of a mind out of touch with reality . its fine to change details to enhance the plot and structure of a story , but there is simply no benefit to this sillyness . dan cormie 
camera neg 582.txt instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite / rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking 
dvd pos 410.txt i saw wirey spindell in theater in new york , and i thought itwas awesome ! i had never heard of it before , but it is a trueendorsement of indie films . if you love laughing , you 'll love this movie . i loved devin matthews-johnson and eric mabius too , they 're both so cute 
dvd neg 903.txt this is a perfect example of what bill hicks used to rant about . mediocre hacks live forever and pollute the earth with their existence while brilliant geniuses die way too early.....rip bill ! i 'm afraid you were right.......you died at 33 and andrew is still here ! get me off this planet now 
health pos 691.txt smaller size did not fit me or my son . it would be nice if you could use perhaps a hat size to determine right size . standard size worked fine . 
software pos 95.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade 
camera neg 999.txt poor focus , blurry , awful optics . do n't waste your time with this one ! ca n't compare to the little pure digital camcorder that this device was to replace because of its additional features . 
health neg 323.txt yes , that 's right . this worked for me for only one day . what a disappointment 
books neg 773.txt the information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places , and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways . there are much better books on the subject available 
health neg 19.txt amazon and this company are nightmares . i ordered this scale a month ago , and the expected ship date keeps changing . i finally called amazon and dealt with the most ignorant customer service person ever . he was no help at all . after waiting on hold for about 20 minutes , he told me to call back because he was having a systems upgrade . all he was able to give me was the ship date range , which has already changed several times . amazon needs to drop this from their website if they cannot do a better job with getting it out on time 
music pos 78.txt the four seasons have always been one of my favorite groups . i think frankie valli has one of the best voices in the world and without the doubt the greatest falsetto in existence , and the rest of the group had harmonies that only the beach boys could match . nd for band that has had as any hits as them are destined to have a barrage of greatst hits collection . up until now , i always felt the best way to obtain all the four seasons ' best songs was by getting rhino 's single disc " the very best of the four seasons " . well , i was wrong . " in season : the frankie valli and the 4 seasons anthology " is the definitve four seasons collection . on these two discs , you find all the essential four seasons songs , including " sherry " , " big girls do n't cry " , " walk like a man " , " dawn ( go away ) " , " rag doll " , " let 's hang on ( to what we 've got ) " , " working my way back to you " , " opus 17 ( do n't you worry ' bout me ) " , " tell it to the rain " ( an often forgotten top 10 hit and my favorite four seasons song ever ) , " who loves you " and " december 1963 ( oh , what a night ) " . but the majority of the cd is a wealth of rarities , including many songs that were either album tracks , uncharted singles or frankie vali solo singles . plus , you get it for about $25.00 , which i consider fairly cheap for a cd with 51 songs . the 30+ page booklet is excellent , filled with track information ( chart positions , etc. ) , rare photos and an excellent essay written by pat sierchio . this is an absolute must have 
software neg 696.txt this product is an absolute piece of junk . do not buy this product . will not even load properly onto computer . have wasted several hours trying to install product on windows xp platform with no success . i have wasted a whole day trying to install this piece of junk on my computer , now i will probably waste another day trying to return this bunch of garbage to the vendor . 
software neg 709.txt if you read the license , you find that you probably give away rights to anything you use in a comic book . it also looks like you ca n't give away copies of comics you print , certainly ca n't sell them , and ca n't let others copy them . unless you want your child 's face on a cereal box without your permission , you probably do n't want this software 
camera neg 166.txt i have had this camera since jan ' 05 and have so far taken approximately 10 , 000 shots while on trips and at weddings . do n't expect much from it and you will be happy . as an entry level dslr it does what it 's supposed to do in ideal conditions . i find it 's strength is in taking people photographs in bright light , provided that they are not moving . cons : in landscape photography this camera is lacking - both due to inadequate megapixels and it 's inability to capture the natural blues and greens very well . battery dies fast . the battery i got with it hardly lasts a whole day of shooting , especially when shooting in raw mode . i have yet to fill up a 1gig card when shooting in raw mode ( approx 150 shots ) before the battery dies . surprisingly when shooting jpegs , i get more shots per charge ( over 300 ) but hardly enough to last a day . i cannot tell you the number of times the battery has died on me while i was out on a hike . so i always carry a backup film camera ( my trusty elan 7 ) . the viewfinder is very dim . when i look through my elan 7 and then through the 300d , it is painfully obvious how dark the image is through the 300d 's viewfinder . in indoor situations with low light this becomes a handicap , especially when having to resort to manual focus . autofocus in low light for the 300d is terrible . when shooting indoors , the autofocus hunts and ends up focusing on something behind your intended subject . i have lots of beautiful photos of walls and sconces in the background in sharp focus while the people standing in front in the middle of the frame are an out of focus blur . this is despite having a 420ex flash on my camera that uses an infrared beam to assist with the focus . the 420ex flash is supposed to " talk " to the camera and adjust the power in order to ensure the subjects are not over or under exposed . however , with the 300d , this is a crap shoot at best and many of my indoor shots are over / under exposed . after about five months , the shutter button started sticking . i would click it and then it would remain depressed . the shutter button would only pop back up after i jiggled it a little . another annoying thing about the camera is that the settings are displayed on the rear of the camera and not on the top beside the shutter button . and since there is only one thumbwheel , it is not easy to change aperature and shutter speed . for example , if you use the thumbwheel to change the aperature , then to change the shutter speed you would have to press another button while at the same time turning the thumbwheel . when you take thousands of shots over the life of the camera , this is a real annoyance . so would i recommend this camera : if you are a casual point and shoot person , it 's an affordable entry into dslrs that produces decent photos . but if you plan on shooting a lot indoors or want to take landscape photographs that can actually convey the colors accurately , look elsewhere 
books pos 229.txt stephen hawking has crafted a masterpiece that requires only two qualities of the reader : patience and an open mind . for those willing to take the ( often substantial ) time required to digest the material and accept ( or even challenge ) it , a awe inspiring world awaits . this book is rightfully one of the best selling books of all time , and a must read for anyone who has any interest in the world around them 
camera neg 526.txt bought the camera , charger and the kit as part of the deal . every thing looks good except the missing npf-50 battery . requested for a replacement . in the replacement kit also battery was missing . returned both the items . 59.99 for a carry bag and 3 dvd sis not worth buying this item 
software neg 518.txt i have been a fan of spyware doctore for some time . spyware doctor 4.0 was an excellent product . it did it job pretty good without taking up any significant resource . but unfortunately it seems that pctools have not yet got their act together for version 5.0. the first version i received as an upgrade was version 5.0 build 172. problems started as soon as my machine rebooted . the spyware doctor service for apparently no reasons hogged the system resource to an extent 95-97%. killing that does not matter because the application restarts after 15 sec , and also that it seems to be the heart of the application . after reboot the update started running and bam came the blue screen of death . so after a series of reboots and crashes i installed the version 5 build 176. but that too did not work , hence finally i reverted back to version 4.0 and eveythig works perfectly.please stay away from version 5.0 till pctools get their act together . as a reference do go through the review of cnet for this product [...] 
camera neg 342.txt doesnt work even though the lenmar website says it does . i thought it was a pretty good deal for $26. i wouldnt even give it one star coz it plain doesnt work 
dvd pos 237.txt i really like this dvd - you can get some really good exercise in only 10 minutes . lara does not waste time on lengthy explanations between exercises , and she moves quickly from one exercise to another . i like the variety of exercises - there are not too many rep 's on any one exercise , which keeps the workout from being monotonous . this is the first " programmable " exercise dvd i 've used , and i like being able to pick and choose which exercise segments to do and in which order - this makes it easier for me to get motivated to start ( and once i start , i 'm fine ) 
software pos 416.txt i 've been a photoshop user since version 3 and this upgrade is worth every penny . i upgraded from version 7 and cs2 is clearly a step up . upgrading was a no-brainer . the only negative is adobe bridge - i prefer the file browser that ps 7 had but i can live with it . the floating image windows is also a nice touch - you are no longer confined to the ps main window . all of my add-ons worked perfectly including fits liberator and the ptlens suite 
dvd neg 297.txt whoever made this film is obviously trying to impress upon the viewer the idea that artists are deep complex people . but all i see in the film are low life drug addict losers who sit around ( few of them seem to have jobs ) and party all day . the main character ( sid ) is a pseudointellectual who claims she majored in critical theory in college ( ultra liberal nonsense which has the goal of undermining western culture to pave the pathway for marxism ) . the film appeals to naive youth 
software neg 381.txt after over a year and a half including renewing for updates i 've now discarded norton sw 2006. it was problamatic and a waste of money . it conflicts with partition magic another symantec product and will not work with many ms updates . my system is now operating trouble free since i 've uninstalled nsw . previously my computer was eratic and crashed frquently 
music neg 143.txt on an episode of seinfield that is probably overexposed enough as it is , the always wily and oh so goofy character of kramer is playing a game of risk and exclaims that the " ukraine is weeeeak " . this causes him to get a thorough scolding and a little bit of trouble . i think the same basic sentiments work with this new order release . it probably was n't worth the ungodly long eight year wait although it produced the excellent " rock the shack " and of course " crystal " , which i 'll get back to later . unlike kramer i feel i can make this statement safely as i 'm not dealing with a burly , alcohol swigging ukranian , but new order fans , which are n't the most intimidating bunch out there . keyboardist gillian gilbert is not here as she felt taking care of her kids is more important , which it is , maybe . this album features the guitar of billy corgan , the frontman of the seminal 90 's group soundgarden . too bad they could n't get billy to collaborate five years earlier because at this point he was already full blown crazy , and was n't writing very good material or really using his guitar , at all . new order also made the mistake of having corgan to backing vocals . now a synth is high pitched and shrill enough , but to top that off with a billy corgan squealing like a pig cherry is probably not the best choice . so...someone like you is more or less unlistenable . it has some pretty terrible lyrics about how bernard does n't want to wash his car . now i can relate , i would n't want to wash my car in britain since it rains all the time and would probably be an altogether futile affair , but this topic does n't result in the most captivating and well-written material . new order occasionnally want to rawk out with guitars on this album , something they do n't do very often , just like van morrison . now i 'm not sure if i 've heard a van morrison song but i 've always figured it was a give that they rawk out with guitars . case in point of this ` not so good of an idea rawking ' is rock the shack . rock the shack kind of sounds like new order 's take on someone commissioned to write an epic gilligan 's island rock song , pretty amazing huh ? ' 60 miles an hour ' , ` primitive notion ' , and ` close range ' all suffer from being a little too vanilla and a little too bland . new order have patches here where they sound like they might be suffering from the same middle-aged blandness that has crippled other 80 's artist like depeche mode , the cure , and tears for fears ( who 've actually always blown ) . however , they do succeed fully well on two songs here . there is ` crystal ' , which is truly an excellent rock song and show new order can succeed with a harder guitar edge and is probably one of the two or three best songs of new order 's career from the 90 's and beyond . how this did n't get more airplay than it did is a mystery to me , because it has the alternative rock of today written all over it . the other is run wild which is really a great little slow song , in the vein of ` as it is when it was . probably new order 's only full-fledged ballad it serves as a fitting acoustic , moving ending to an otherwise disappointing album . get ready is good beginning and end , just not end between . kind of like that movie twin peaks : fire walk with me 
dvd pos 10.txt i tried to rent this dvd from an online service about a week ago . unfortunately , the dvd was damaged and unplayable , but not in the usual way i 've seen before ( like a disc cracked all the way through ) . it looked like someone had turned the playable side face-up and tapped a small nail with a hammer on it . the cracks had that kind of splintery pattern like a broken window . anyway , i returned the copy and ordered another , which i received today . again , this one is also unplayable and is cracked in an odd way . i just reported this problem online to the dvd rental company and ordered a replacement copy . however , i let them know that they may want to check their inventory of this dvd as someone may be intentionally destroying the dvds . if i get another one that is cracked or unplayable in any way , i 'm going to just buy a copy because the movie must really have gotten under someone 's skin for them to do something like that . 
dvd pos 180.txt henry fonda leads an all star cast in this great classic ! when good men do nothing , evil prevails ! watch the drama unfold and see . one young man 's life on the line one hot and humid room one clock counting the hours twelve men from different backgrounds twelve heated opinions one verdict . . . 
music pos 136.txt john michael mongomery is back with a big bang . this album is one of the best to come out this year . it 's better than that of travis tritt , alan jackson , and kenny chesney . the song i wanna be there is one of the most touching songs since alan 's where were you . he mixes the soulful ballads , with his country rockers , and sweet love songs . this is vinatage jmm and should be bought by any true country music fan 
music pos 119.txt i had been hearing " always thinking of you . " but , i never got who it was . i purchased xm radio and on the smooth jazz channel , i heard the cut again and got the artist name . purchased the cd based on that one cut . every cut is great on this cd . i look forward to catching him live at some point and will continue to look for more from him in the future . he has his own style . but , not only do you hear hints of benson and brown..........i hear a little doc powell as well . i will be introducing friends to this great artist............keep it coming........... . 
camera neg 614.txt i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good 
software pos 884.txt i found this upgrade has fixed some things and attempted to fix things that did not require fixing . hot keys that go to dockers does not speed up the work process . it appears to be slower in handling bmps . larger files cause it to hesitate selecting objects . a real memory hog . the new contour tool makes the upgrade worthy . so far it is not crashing like 12 did 
software neg 705.txt i 'd give this no stars but it wo n't let me . why would anyone buy this ? i was in compusa today as they are closing down on long island & thought about buying this . i put it down & said i will researh this more at home . as i suspected , you can go to [...] & do the same thing that this software does . the software does n't allow you to print stamps at home so what 's the point ? the only plus is that you get a sheet of free stamps , so it 's like buying a [...] coupon , that 's a one time use . i do n't get it 
software neg 854.txt i have been a long-time act ! user . my biggest complaint is recovery . if you have to move the email and database to another computer due to a failure you have to jump through hoops ; that 's just what one feels like doing when the pressure is on . i still ca n't bring my act ! 2007 email over even though act ! says it was restored successfully ( empty folders ! ) . they have a ridiculous technical support team unwilling to help unless you pay , pay and pay and their knowledge base must have been restored like my email : non-existent . the earlier versions were great . i agree with a previous reviewer that when they switched to sql it all went downhill . i think i 'll stick with anything else . it is really ashame . act ! used to be fast , tight and clean ; now it is clunky , lethargic and hangs for 20 seconds on all the time ( for some stupid reason ) running on an a 2.4 dual core amd with 4gb memory . even when symantec had it they did n't screw it up , but now , you may be better-off sticking with the palm pilot contact management software- -well , maybe not 
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back 
health neg 776.txt i recently purchased this product and i found the motor power to belacking and the tweezer heads dont work as well as the emjoi ap99 aka optima gold . the price for these two items are the same so if u want the best for the same money , dont get this one , get the ap99 model instead 
dvd neg 427.txt i 'm not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you 're better off seeing them ( at least they 're in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the " in studio " voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n't clear as there 's a bubble " shine " over it . i 'd love for paramount / nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2 
health pos 739.txt in the past , i bought hair dryers at target because of the prices . i had no idea that a few more bucks can buy you a quality hair dryer that surpasses any conair , sassoon , etc. purchased at this and similar stores . the difference in the quality is noticed immediately upon use . although the bb pro is a little heavier than i 'm used to , it dries hair faster and with fewer frizzes . it 's amazing 
books neg 122.txt when i found out francis collins has written a book about his faith , i ordered it the same day . after all , we seemed to be following the same path . i earned a phd in molecular biology in 1981 and had several ` firsts ' in the area of gene cloning . then i found christ as a 40-year-old . my transition was from a semi-serious jew to a materialist to a serious christian . hearing about dr. collins ' spiritual walk had me intrigued . his book should be entitled " a politician presents evidence for belief " . it is a completely uncritical view of the last twenty years of biological research . the human genome project is elevated to status of " bridge to a momentous new era " . hogwash . hype is the term i would use . the dept. of energy was duped into footing the bill because the national institutes of health saw it as a waste of resources . the author could n't make a better case for the payoff than to show humans have more ` junk dna ' than previously thought . dr. collins then explained darwinian gradualism as if it were dogma . this oversimplification is typical of those who never studied biology except at a medical school . this is not entirely his fault , however , since many scientific journals will not publish research where evolution is n't perfectly gradual and perfectly random . their motivation should be perfectly obvious , but it 's not even on dr. collins ' radar . he also uses mendel 's peas as a pivotal point in our understanding of genetics , assuming the reader would be ignorant that mendel 's data was ` dry-labbed' . usually an author who writes on this subject is strong in either biology or theology . dr. collins relies on two sources for his treatise on theology : st. augustine and c.s. lewis . i happen to agree with him that the creation story and the books of job and song of solomon have a " lyrical and allegorical flavor " . i would include the book of jonah in that category as well . however , there is an entire literature on the subject that is completely overlooked . the only time dr. collins makes a strong case for anything , it is to refute edward o wilson , richard dawkins , and their minions . even then , he uses a quote from the late stephen jay gould for his most scathing criticism . francis collins is the consummate politician- -he takes a stand without offending anyone . dr. collins knows that jesus was not a politician , and he did not worry about offending the intellectual elites of his time . take this quote from mat 23:14 " woe unto you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for ye devour widows ' houses , and for a pretence make long prayer : therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation . " dr. collins ' book claims to be a middle ground for theists and scientists . in my opinion it is a piece of fluff and a narcissistic retelling of the human genome project myth . 
software pos 384.txt it is great to be able to read all the avenger comics again . i read them as a kid , but did n't get to read the very beginning . i hope that they bring out more of the comic book characters on dvd . i will buy more 
health neg 735.txt was impressed by the attachments and the how-to video but the clippers were of poor quality and pulled on hair rather than cutting it . my 5 year old was in tears within 30 seconds of use . i returned mine for a refund . make sure you test clippers before buying i 
dvd neg 770.txt standard disclaimer : i love dream theater . however , this dvd is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance . did n't i buy a dvd of dream theater live so that i could see them play ? ? at times , several minutes pass without showing the musicians as they 're playing . video effects such as swirling colors , images of the artists upside down ( ? ! ? ) , and black and white re-enactments make the whole affair feel like someone was trying to create their first music video for mtv in 1984. or maybe trying to induce an epileptic seizure in the viewer ? ? dream theater would get a rating of 1000 , but i 'd give this dvd a 0 if i could . just goes to show what poor editing gets you 
music neg 114.txt and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department 
camera neg 273.txt i bought htis from amazon , and have troubles in playing back the video clips . almost evrytime , after a while , i do see " system error " on the screen , and then the firmware is hung . after a power-cycle , the last recorded clip is gone ! some issues with the basics...so i called sanyo service , they said this is happening because i 'm using a 4gb plain sd card . acc to the support guy , max of 2gb of plain sd is supported , for more gb , a sdhc card is needed . i could not find this info on the manual or spec...so i 'm not sure how true is this . if anyone of you know about this , please let me know . video is okay for my need...still is too bad . firmware is just about average..not too great . there is much scope of improvement to be more user friendly and more informative with lesser use of buttons . battery did not perform as promised in the spec . also , there are way too many components in the box for such a specialized product . i would expect those many in a robotics kit . 
camera pos 87.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one . 
music pos 280.txt " horizon " was a turning point in the recording career of the carpenters- -a more sophisticated sound more suited to karen 's rich and warm voice . but the album was rather short , and some of the songs just were n't up to the standards expected by their fans , which was reflected in the sales of the album , which was their slowest selling album up to that point . the opening " aurora " and the closing " eventide " ( the same melody with different lyrics ) nicely bookend the album , and aurora provides the first hint that this was not the average carpenters album . " only yesterday " follows ; this beautiful and uptempo song begins as a dolorous , downbeat ballad before segueing into the cheerful refrain . the cover of " desperado " is well done , but ultimately it is lost between the flashy tracks before and after it . " please mr. postman " is infectuously happy fluff ; it has absolutely no depth , but is irresistable while it 's playing and will have you singing along with karen . the big-band era " i can dream , ca n't i ? " reveals the new depths of karen 's voice , and the small jazz combo ensures that she is the focus of the listener . the third and final single from this album , " solitaire " begins the second half of the album on a ( metaphorical ) high note . the remaining full tracks ( " happy " , " i 'm caught between goodbye and i love you " , and " love me for what i am " ) are all less-than-captivating songs that greatly benefit from karen 's reading and richard 's arrangements 
health neg 500.txt this scale is too small , i have size 11 feet and my feet dont fit on the scal 
software pos 889.txt coreldraw x3 is a fine product . it has added some nice features from v-11. coreldraw came with a rebate and i must say amazon failed big time in helping me apply for it...on line was a joke replied by e-mail 3 time never got a reponse...talked to reps 2 times they did not help....yes i got the product in 5 days....but if you have a small problem....amazon aint gunna get r done 
books neg 275.txt bill , when will you just die ? if you read this feel free to email me evan.fett@gmail.co 
camera pos 951.txt i bought this product almost a month ago , its sleek , its reliable and has all good features a good digital camera should . worth the money for a sony camera , this camera has the usualy seen high quality for a sony product 
camera neg 325.txt i really do n't know how to write a " helpful " review for this camera , i 'm not a photographer ; all i can say is that i was not satisfied with my purchase , so.. . *** if you 're having trouble deciding which digital camera to get ( like i was a few months ago ) , save your time and effort and start looking at other cameras . *** here are my complaints : flash is too strong ( blinding , in fact ) . please do not take this complaint lightly , the flash is brighter than you think ( it actually hurts , i 'm talking physical pain here ) . i actually fear it might have some long term effects , this alone is a deal-breaker for me ! it 's beyond me how this got past the testing stages at nikon . sure , you can turn the flash off . but that only brings me to my other major complaint ! the lighting must be almost perfect if you want to take a semi-decent picture without the flash . the lens do not respond well to artificial lighting , at all , pictures either come out all grainy ( if it 's slightly dark ) or with huge white patches all over if there 's a lot of light in the background . even when the lighting is almost perfect , you lose a lot of quality ( even when using the highest settings , 6mp ) . the scene modes did n't help much , i tried everything , all the different modes offer so little difference , very gimicky in my opinion . even if you want to endure the pain and suffering of the mighty flash , there 's a chance the pictures will come out somewhat unclear , why ? i have no clue what so ever . i might take the same exact picture at the same exact conditions and settings a minute apart and a slightly different pose ( but still stable ) , and one would be blurry while the other is crystal clear ! must admit though , the swivel design is very practical and makes things so much easier . the video mode is great as well . if you do n't mind inflicting serious pain onto yourself and others via the blinding flash , then i must admit , the pictures do come out nicely . ( most of the time 
dvd neg 401.txt this is a terrible movie . when it came out in 1956 it was a box office bomb even though both stars were at the height of their powers . time had only added to it 's mediocrity 
software pos 724.txt 4 different methods to learn the language , i am able to do 2 lessons an evening one to repeat and one new . the only thing you have to do is sit in fron of the computer . just listen and look and the key words will pop out at you and you just can not help but to learn the new language . very user friendly 
camera neg 535.txt i tried the trick of resizing , but honestly , the image quality is still abyssmal . the images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out . please , if you 're thinking of buying this for someone for christmas this year , choose something else . it might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight , but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like , this will be a huge disappointment . the good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that 's almost guaranteed . so put this one on the " must buy for mom " list for the 2008 christmas season . i very seldom write a review , and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake i did 
books pos 579.txt i have to say that this book is fantastic - step by step photographs for each garnish . i just made a crab out of a cucumber in 5 minutes ! 
health neg 129.txt this thing is unbelievably lame . it does n't massage . it vibrates . y'all have sat in massage chairs before at sharper image or brookstone . they can be really good , with kneading balls that roll around giving a surprisingly deep back massage . this thing does n't even resemble those chairs . trust me . i am sitting in one now . it is my main office chair . i have not turned on the " massage " function , or even plugged it in , since about three days after i bought it . the " massage " feature is more like an annoy feature . it just shakes you around a bit , but does n't actually feal good in any way . 
music neg 76.txt now , if we 're being completely honest and true to the stats this album is killing the charts , but maybe just because people are lowering their standards . besides , the fact that i dont like this girl because she is just too rough around the edges , this cd is no " dangerously in love " . where beyonce 's sultry vocals and powerhouse notes highlight her entire album , cole 's raspy voice and sometime-y pitch concern me . aside from the obvious car banger " i just want it to be over " and the wildly popular " love " ( which cole butchers when singing live by the way ) , nothing here surprises me . like i said , you can call me a hater , but with women like beyonce and fantasia around cole 's fire will probably be put out soon 
health pos 125.txt i have been using source of life energy shake for many years . i recommend one scoop in 8 oz . of orange juice or milk twice a day . basically , i pour the milk in a shaker cup and put the scoop on top , close the shaker and shake for a few seconds . this stuff tastes great and has loads of healthy vitamins , herbs , minerals , and more ! a few months ago , i actually used this drink to cut down on my starbuck 's daily double shot of expresso ! guess a source of life starbucks latte would be great , maybe i 'll try that someday ! this product deserves more than 5 stars and it is absolutely a great product in every way . if you are looking for a healthy energy drink that tastes good , you have found it 
health neg 775.txt this product was not as i expected . it is much weaker than ones used in the past . it certainly was not worth the price i paid . i returned this item . 
dvd pos 748.txt my 2 yr old son has watched this dvd again and again . he 's not into cartoons , so the real life airplanes , trains , and buses suit him perfectly . 
dvd neg 944.txt really not worth the effort to find it , even if george macdonald fraser was involved with the screenplay . the producers chose the " least best " of the flashman novels to adapt , they cast the wrong actor to play the role , and they reduced the whole story to a bawdy , not-very-funny , slapstick comedy . do n't bother searching for it . true flashman fans will be disappointed 
dvd pos 934.txt this is a good 1st season set for the series of criminal intent . i strongly recommend this if you are a fan 
software pos 77.txt purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . she says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . if she 's happy with it , so am i 
camera pos 823.txt great product . good value . maybe a little slow for focusing , compared to my old 18-55mm canon lens . good quality pictures . great all in one lens 
camera pos 249.txt this is my first and very expensive entry into digit slr photography . i have used canon point and shoot digital camera previously . i was avoiding dslr 's because i used to rarely use my eos film slr . the convienience of a point and shoot from that experience was overwhelming . unfortunately so are it 's limitations . so back i came , and the only choice though expensive was the eos 5d for it 's full frame sensor ! the pain was reduced by the double rebates . wow ! this is a revelation ! beautifull images , lot of control . i did notice that the af was not as fast as my old elan iie . i was also disappointed that for the price there was a lack of weather sealing . i am not happy with canon for this , but i really appreciate them for making a full frame sensor in a difficult marketable slot as far as their line up was concerned . this camera also needs prime or l lenses , because the sensor will reveal the inadequacies of inferior lenses . this add 's to the cost . this is an exceptional photographic tool that i hope to use to improve my skill as i explore all it 's capabilities 
health neg 423.txt ordered a new pen and pencil set , opened the box only to see " made in china " . i dont even want them now 
books neg 202.txt will somebody please tell me what the appeal is ? yes , i know it 's a classic . but it 's a really , really boring classic . the prequel to charlotte bronte 's , jane eyre , is the story of bertha mason 's childhood whose literary conceit is to tell us why bertha went nuts . it 's also a didactic dinosaur relic of the 1960s that traces the source of her madness to the fact that they did n't like little french girls in jamaica . racism , sexism , and classism drove bertha ` round the bend . there . i 've saved you the trouble of reading it . now re-read jane eyre instead 
music neg 937.txt once " the very best of 10cc " was released in 1997 , it was the collection to have . that collection included 15 tracks that spanned 10cc 's career , ending with the godley and creme hit " cry . " so why would this cd be released , especially since the only thing it offers over the prior cd is " channel swimmer " and " do n't hang up ? " buy the cd " how dare you " and " the very best of 10cc " and you will have three times the music you have on this cd for only twice the price . an unnecessary addition to the 10cc portfolio 
camera pos 515.txt seems to hold a charge just as well or better then the original one that came with the camer 
dvd neg 926.txt one of the most boring....dull....stupid peter sellers comedies . if you can find more then 2 or 3 laughs good luck . i love peter sellers in the pink panther movies and he was brilliant in a great number of films.....but he falls far short in this one and goldie hawn is wasted totally 
books neg 473.txt a book full of heartwarming stories from country stars , singers , writers , and listeners , or so the back of the book said . as i read some sentimental stories , and some down right boring stories i questioned how more than half of these stories got into the ` country1 edition of the chicken soup series . i loved about three stories , liked about ten , and was puzzled by all the other entries 
camera pos 7.txt i recently bought this lens amid trepidation that the 85mm focal length would overwhelm the x1.6 crop factor of my digital rebel xl . my worries were needless : just a step or two back from the subject plus some getting used to the telephoto perspective were enough to turn this lens into the most effective portrait lens that i have . when attached to my eos elan 7n film camera , however , the lens really truly comes into its own , as the full frame 35mm slr delivers the entire focal range of this lens . the focused image is incredibly crisp compared to any other non-l grade lens . and i agree that this lens deserves the red ring of courage around it , like the l lenses have . this glass is absolutely essential in a very short list of affordable lenses , and should give many of the non-affordable ones a run for their money . solidly built too , with an old-fashioned no-nonsense look to it . i highly recommend it 
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd 
health neg 37.txt although i have used many electronic cuff devices in the past , this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings . firstly , the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way . in a clinical setting , it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings . it is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement . i have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what i considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way . imagine had i taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result . as a rule , i never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings . many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security . if you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting , please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions . 
music pos 244.txt to be honest i ca n't think of a word that can explain the emotional link with this album apart from it being the most beautiful sound i 've heard . for me listening to this album makes me feel emotionally confused but absolutely complete at the same time , never before has an album stopped me in my tracks as firmly as this one . my favourite songs on the album are " the only moment we were alone " and " six days at the bottom of the ocean " every time my ears are blessed with these artworks i 'm am fixated on nothing else but them . i literally cannot communicate with anyone or anything i just have to listen to them intently . this album is not as experimental as " those who tell the truth shall die those who tell the truth shall live forever " but i feel it is just as good and the songs are put together impeccably well , with no song being neither longer nor shorter than it has to be . i love the pure , clean sound of this album and see it as light as the wind . the trance that this album provides is indescribable ; i 'm not saying if you buy this album it will have this exact effect on you this description is merely from a personal note . either way i strongly recommend this band and album to anybody who is looking for a purchase , for you can have no doubt that this album is extremely well produced , written , recorded , thought out and sounding . buy it , you will not regret your choice one bit . 
music neg 897.txt the firm ( a conglomerate consisting of nas , az , foxy brown and the relative unknown nature ( who took the place of original member cormega after a heated dispute ) ) ...came up with the " brilliant idea " to collaborate on a full album...after the release of " affirmative action " from nas ' it was written album . after enlisting the assistance of dr. dre 's aftermath records and production by the infamous trackmasters , the firm 's album is subpar to say the least...it sounds like each individual artists is trying too hard to outshine the other and many of the beats consisting on this album are just a lil too sample heavy... . " hardcore " for example . however , i will admit , there are some shining moments by all four members....and some half decent production....i.e . " phone tap " ... " f**k somebody else " ( lyrics are forgettable since foxy is doing what she does best on the mic...talking about sex and its many forms....i think you might be able to masterbate to this one...lol ) . i will give this a decent try but i ca n't go no further than that . i will agree with one reviewer saying that listening to the group as solo artists is a more satisfying 
camera pos 399.txt bought this camera to replace my 35mm camera . am pleased with the trade up that i made . the shape is similar to my old film camera . thought this would make it easier to adjust to the smaller size of it . it has made the transition relatively smooth . i 'm sure there are smaller cameras out there , but this one is small enough . the display is also a good size - bigger than most that i looked at . i am not a genius at computers , so i was concerned that i would need to adapt to downloading pictures from the camera to the pc . but , all i need to do is plug in the cord and click a button . very easy to follow any instructions . i did notice that the display " freezes " for a second or two after a picture is taken . this is not generally a problem for me as most pictures are posed shots . i did run into some lag time during an easter egg hunt this past weekend , but still managed to get about a dozen good shots . overall , i like the camera and only wish i had gotten up the courage to go digital sooner 
dvd pos 401.txt i heard so much about masaki kobayashi 's " harakiri " , so i bought it at amazon and watched it . wow , this movie is awesome ! ! now i do n't know who is my #1 favorite director , akira kurosawa or masaki kobayashi . this black and white movie intensifies the theme of this movie along with the music by tohru takemitsu . in addition to these assets , the camera is wonderful . i pick this movie as one of " my movies of my life " . tatuyua nakadai was shining in this movie . i like him more after seeing " harakiri " . 
books neg 519.txt ms milton admits to her anger at humanistic psychology , so she attacks without understanding . she does not seem to grasp even some of the basic concepts of the people 's work she denigrates . maslow 's hierarchy of needs is one example . i have spent a great deal pf time studding humanistic psychology and writings . i have had the pleasure of being trained in group therapy with carl rogers , and william coulson as instructors . any one who really studies these writers will see how bad a job ms milton did presenting them . she should have let her anger subside before she wrote the book . her bias is extreme and obvious . so consider this when reading the book . no doubt ms milton will have a new career appearing on the conservative religious programs . i am sure pat robinson and jerry falwell have or will book her to speak out against the evils of humanistic psychology 
software pos 352.txt this software is perfect for what i needed . it allows my to keep my books without relying on an accountant 
books pos 742.txt charles h . kahn 's account of the pythagorean philosophical tradtion , although less than 200 pages long , is well worth reading as what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality . in a concise , but intelligent , summary , kahn traces pythagoreanism from its semi-legendary founder through to such early modern scientists as copernicus and kepler . as a young academic who specialises in the pythagorean tradition i can recommend this work wholeheartedly to scholars , but as a latinist i must say i was disapointed by kahn 's treatment ( or lack of ) of this strand of western philosophy in late roman and medieval thought . but , this is still the best up to date history of pythagoreanism available in the english language 
dvd neg 896.txt a review by the students in ent 201 , insects on film ( clemson university , clemson , sc ) spring 2005 when better to meet your new man than while saving the world from giant radioactive grasshoppers ! that 's what happened to audrey ames in beginning of the end. the black and white movie , produced in 1957 , takes place in a small illinois town called ludlow , near the big city of chicago . the main character , audrey , is a persistent reporter who discovers a new and interesting story on her way to write about a lackluster flying demonstration . on her way to the flying demo , she is stopped at a roadblock in the town of ludlow , illinois . it seems that the town has been mysteriously destroyed overnight ! following a lead , audrey goes to the u.s. department of agriculture and meets with the project director named dr. ed wainwright in order to find out more about what happened . dr. wainwright tells audrey about a wheat factory that was demolished in the same area before the destruction of ludlow . ed , audrey and ed 's co-worker , frank , go to investigate the abandoned grain bins . while they are there , a locust comes from the woods and eats ed 's co-worker . they finally realize what is destroying the towns and eating the people-although it 's a little too late for poor frank johnson . determined to resolve the problem , the military enlists the help of dr. wainwright , who tries to find a sound frequency that mimics the sound grasshoppers make before they attack . the viewer of this film will be held in utter suspense , until , at a climatic moment , dr. wainwright discovers the right frequency and saves the city of chicago from the military 's impending drop of an atom bomb . the sound is broadcast from a boat in a lake outside of chicago and the sound attracts the grasshoppers to the lake . as the grasshoppers follow the luring sound , they eventually end up in the lake where they meet a watery death . the city of chicago is safe and everyone lives happily ever after ( except , sadly , those who were eaten alive by the radioactive grasshoppers ) . while this movie has extremely entertaining moments , such as when the grasshoppers scale the skyscrapers of chicago looking for food-the movie , in general , is a b attempt at science fiction . also , the movie was produced during the 1950s , resulting in minimal attempts at realistic special effects . the special effects are entertaining at best and add humor more than substance to the movie . the viewer also might be left with several questions after watching this movie-like why ca n't the national guard protect the citizens from grasshoppers ? or , why is it more funny than tragic when dr. wainwright 's deaf / mute assistance gets eaten alive by a grasshopper ? on a scientific or scholarly level , the movie has several errors . the most important error , in the entomological sense , is the noise that the grasshoppers make throughout the movie . to make the noise that they did in the movie , they would need wings . in the movie though , the characters say that the grasshoppers could not fly because they did n't have wings . also , the scientist indicates that the giant vegetables were produced through radioactivity , which allows for photosynthesis to occur both day and night . for photosynthesis to occur , light must be present , thus raising the question of how the vegetables could continue to expand during the darkness of night . the inability of the grasshoppers to burn in the fires set by the military reflects an error as well . in reality , grasshoppers are highly flammable because of their wax-like coating . finally , the plot as a whole is completely unrealistic and so bizarre that the movie should be placed in the comedy ( opposed to science fiction ) genre . while clemson university research may have led to the evacuation of mole crickets from golf course greens , using technological concepts similar to those presented in the movie , the likelihood that radioactive grasshoppers would eat hundreds of people is improbable . beginning of the end is an amusing movie to watch ! the acting is traditional of the sci-fi movies of the era . the special effects are mediocre , but the humor , in retrospect , is delightful . if you are a fan of cheesy sci-fi suspense movies , give this flick a try ! you will not be disappointed . who knows-maybe you 'll learn something that could save the world the next time we are attacked by radioactive bugs 
dvd pos 713.txt first of all , let me tell you , this is not a date movie . this is the most brutal graphic rape movie i have ever seen , and also one that lingers in your mind long after it is over . for me , that 's exactly what i want when i see a movie , one that leaves a lasting impression no matter how difficult the impression might be . i loved this movie , because it is very very well made , and the acting performances are incredible . yes , the rapes are unforgiving in every respect , and the misery throughout the film is almost difficult to watch at times . this is not a gory movie , except for the last ten minutes , it is a very disturbing movie and it does have a fair amount of nudity , however it really needs to . " the untold story " and " ebola syndrome " offset much of the carnage with humor , but " red to kill " has absolutely nothing to smile about . it is totally and brutally serious from the first frame to the extremely nasty ending . the story is pretty simple , a psycho-rapist is on the loose and he 's going after a mentally retarded young dancer . in the second graphic rape of the movie he does the deed to the young lady . enter a female social worker who tries to help the victim , and dreams up a plan to get even with the rapist after he gets off in court because of a stupid technicality . her plan succeeds to a certain extent , but not like she planned it , and the rapist comes after her full force . the actor who plays the rapist is absolutely sensational , and i might add , the musical score is perfect . the music adds so much to the all ready existing tension from all the horrific acts . the actress who plays the retarded girl is also amazing , one of the best performances on film you will ever see . to end this , this is a must-see movie for fans of this genre , and i 'm just getting started myself . not the gore associated with the two previous cat iii movies i watched , but something even more terrible and unrelenting , and an uneasy feeling that will not leave you anytime soon after you see it . " red to kill " is flatout a good movie , even considering the subject matter . i highly recommend it 
software pos 505.txt why buy the upgrade when you can buy the full version ? basically cause it was cheap . you will see , old version , new version , 10.4.6 , 10 , 4 , 8 and so on . i just bought the old version and installed the latest update . now i am up to date and for a lot less money which meant i could spend the extra cash on more software for my mac . as far as performance , no faster than jaguar or panther . the benchmarks say faster but if you stare at the screen in any version , the 10 nano seconds you save are not noticable . you will encounter drive issues at some point as this version appears to have issues more often . this seems to be due to the new journaling scheme but i cannot back this up . if possible i recommend you erase the drive you are installing to . in the disk utility , select the erase tab , and then the security button , select the zero out data option . note : you cannot erase a drive but only a volume . this will clear out any corrupt data and pinpoint any bad or damaged sectors . the main reason i wanted this was for the widgets . they are a blessing . calculator , thesarus , package tracking , and many more . tiger only comes with about a dozen widgets but in the widget configuration button , you will see the more widgets option . you will be directed to hundreds of others widgets for immediate and free installation . my favorite is the weather and radar widget as i work outdoors a lot . i am able to quickly see the latest radar and plan my week , all by press f12. no need to interupt what i am doing on the mac as the widgets will pop up in my layout and my activities stay active . click any area other than a widget and they hide away . if you want to wait for a version of the osx that allows you to write your own widgets without taking a programming course , wait for leopard 
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i 
dvd neg 743.txt the technology on here is great but the storyline is going no where . what 's the point ? 3000 is creepy as usual and big boi 's acting is horrible when he 's paired against terrence howard . they only got 1000 screens nationwide for this movie but it does n't matter . 3000 screens or 1000 screens , the bottom line is that this movie sucks . 
health pos 933.txt i 've used this razor for about 2 yrs . for me and my wife , it gives me a great close shave . i 've never had a problem with skin irritation . just how hard are these other guys pressing the razor on their face ? ! i ca n't imagine . i only need the lightest pressure to get a good shave . the shave is fast , about 2 mins . the dual blade design ( each of the three heads has two rows of blades ! ) is awesome , makes the shave clean and fast . i 'll probably stick with remington rotories from now on , but will upgrade to a corded / cordless . my problems with it are : ca n't use with cord if the battery dies ( did n't know this when i bought it ) the gears in the head strip / slip easily if a long beard / mustache hair gets in , which requires turning it off and back on again . otherwise , it 's a great solid razor 
software neg 566.txt this is an extremely flawed software program . i have used quicken for more than a decade , and this product is not worthy of the name . runtime errors keep me from evening getting the program going . it contains 6 bank accounts which i cannot currently print checks from . i have reinstalled the software at least 15 times with no success . i have used every suggestion from tech support and the quicken forums without any success . i guess i 'll have to move to ms money 
books pos 887.txt tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of & quot ; the best&quot ; pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become & quot ; old&quot ; pilots . if you fly , read the book 
music pos 588.txt i recently decided to go through some of my old cds that i have n't listened toin ages . dj cheb i sabbah 's maha maya : shri durga remixed&quot ; was one of those cds that i came upon . this was my first exposure to indian music , let alone world music . i was n't really familiar with music outside of western culture . so this was a new experience for me . listening to & quot ; maha maya&quot ; shri durga remixed&quot ; certainly takes the listener on a trip to india with its traditional indian melodies . i envisioned myself in the taj mahal and watching a slew of belly dancers performing . the music took me awhile for the melodies to grow on me . it is certainly by no means your traditional dance remix album . i however dug transglobal underground 's version of & quot ; kese kese&quot ; ( where 's the sarangi mix&quot ; right from the get go . it has a nice beat . dj cheb i sabbah did a good job at mixing and making sure that the music flowed well together . i am definitely curious to hear dj cheb 's other cds now that i have re-discovered this little gem of a cd 
dvd pos 474.txt just received this as a gift from the easter bunny , and watched half the episodes today without one skip , hiccup or any other problem of any kind . if you 're a fan of the show , these dvds are a must have , period . relive the good old days with the best show on television and order these- -and all the other seasons- -now ! 
health neg 580.txt this protien works well to curb my appitite for hours on end , but it has a horrible taste and texture . the closest thing i can relate it to is chocolate-burned egg tasting boogers . i would not purchase this product again . i would , however , purchase from the vender again because it is not their fault that this protien tastes so bad 
camera neg 475.txt i owned this sony for a single day before i returned it to amazon . first off , it records in mpeg2 format which is fairly compressed , and looks it once you upload to your computer . it is also not natively supported on the mac without a 20$ additional quicktime mpeg2 plugin . which has to be converted before editing . which makes it a slow , tedious affair . also , the included software is , surprise , pc only . other problems , not computer related - the chroma shift in " night mode " is intense , making the healthiest of complexions appear sickly . i 'm not expectant of miracles in night modes , but it seems like a simple solution on the production side ( sony ) . the auto white balance could also use the same attention . like the previous reviewer pointed out , not a bad camera for the money if you 're not serious about editing and you 're using a pc . the lcd touch screen is a nice addition and easy to use . all in all , i would go for a canon 
dvd neg 825.txt not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done 
dvd neg 741.txt ...this movie is a dud . who 'd have thought that john wayne and the director of " support your local sherrif " would have joined forces for this stinker ! the characterization hints at being good , but really its character actors doing what they do best - being good support characters . its a good thing to because the duke really just mailed this one in . first - what this movie does well : -ann margaret is good and she looks great dressed up like a cowboy . -the supporting cowboy characters literally steal the show . -it is interesting that the bad guys chasing ann margaret and john wayne and his cast of cronies are never ever seen close up until the very end . when you get to the end , you learn why , but it works well to keep them faceless . -the last 10 minutes is good - top notch with a twister of an ending . however , what is wrong with the movie is stronger than what is right : -john wayne is absolutely uninspired - he is just a cardboard version of himself - a cranky , mean man who they rarely even try to develop as a character - and when they do , it seems very , very clunky . -at least 20 minutes of this movie consists of long-distance shots of people riding horses . sometimes , they ride over hills , sometimes they ride through valleys . we get 4 separate long shots of them crossing a wide pond that is supposed to be the rio grande ( the border with mexico ) . fill in this time with some character development ! some dialogue ! anything ! -the character actors keep referring to other events in the past that sound a lot more interesting than this movie . all in all , it seems like this was the rough draft of a great script that was rushed to film just so john wayne could have another movie in the theaters . too bad , a crack team of writers could have made it something special . my suggestion , get " cowboys " or either of the two " rooster cogburn " movies or " support your local sherrif " and see this actor and this director doing much better work ! 
music neg 22.txt before you get all worked up , let me say that he has a voice , but he really does n't have a style . he sings songs way too straight , he makes even bobby short sound like an improviser ! he also does n't seem to be in touch with his masculine side , his vocie is very , well if ying is male , and yang is female , he sounds very yang . he needs to take some liberties with the songs he sings and then he wo n't sound so obnoxious , then he needs to take some vocal lessons and try to bring out the ying ( masculine side ) in his voice . he needs to hear a few billy eckstine lp's . i do n't think he can change but here 's hoping he 'll take my advice . as far as you buying this cd it is your decision , this is just my honest opinion 
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
music pos 397.txt i recently discovered joyce cooling . yeah , i 've been in the dark ages . she is one of the smoothest guitarists out there and she does not try to sound like everyone else . i especially appreciate her percussive use of intonations . she 's got chops galore and is a beautiful woman to boot . you can hear it all in her music . buy revolving door ! you 'll love it 
software neg 685.txt i have been using turbo tax for years just as i jave used quicken for years . one of the big plusses for me was it 's deductible , a program that places values on items you give to charities and imports directly into turbo tax . it 's deductible was a stand alone program until 2006 when it went to intuit for online entries . you could not longer buy the program to install on your pc . this would have been ok but then intuit would not allow you to see the values placed on donations until you purchased turbo tax . intuit thinking of the bottom line rather than the customer . i hated that and told intuit my feelings - no response as i expected . but what the heck , i entered my donations through 2006 and when turbo tax 2006 came out i purchased it from amazon for a good price . after installing turbo tax i went to see what my donation values were and to import the values into turbo tax from my online entries . nope - no can do . not only was it 's deductible buried in turbo tax with a very clunky and slow link to start the program but there was absolutely no way to import . after much searching on intuit 's support pages - always a chore - i finally found a page explaining - no import . but if you like you can get a voucher to unlock the online values and then manually re enter the information into turbo tax ! what a crock . on top of that using it 's deductible and turbo tax slows my duo core pc to a crawl . i will look elsewhere next year 
health neg 214.txt this glove will simply temporarily mask some of the symtoms associated with carpal tunnel syndrome and repetitive strain injuries and make problems worse . since one still has full function of his / her hands when using this , you are further injuring your hands by using the flexor muscles in grabing and squeezing . when using these gloves , your hands and wrist will feel better at first , but once the glove is removed your problems will persist and get progressively worse 
music pos 737.txt sometimes i like to look up and see what i can find on some of my favorite bands from the 70 's and starz being one of them . i was lucky enough to see the band play a few times around 77 and 78. another band that took time for their fans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i read through the many reviews of posted here on amazon and not sure if there is much that i can add , also great to see that there were so many out there that enjoyed the band and their music . i would recommend reading about each of the starz cd 's and listening to the sound files if available and deciding for yourself....... . i remember i liked this cd so much and the logo as well , i even hand - made a stencil and made my own starz shirt , i think i used some of that gold " glue on glitter " in a tube and had one of the first starz shirts , before the band even had any if i remember right . lots of good songs on this cd , pull the plug being one of my favorites both on the lp / cd and live . all good rock songs from a band that deserved a lot more........ . i could go on trying to describe the music......... . too bad there are no sound files for this cd...... . so you may just have to order it and take a chance . the remaining members have played a few shows during the past year or so and guitar player richie ranno continues to be active in the music business , you may even want to go over to starzcentral to get updated and see what richie and the band are up to . singer michael lee smith also had a brother that had his own band and later ventured into hollywood...... . but this is about starz ! ! ! ...so... . i highly recommend checking out the cd 's and starzcentral . not to be confused with the movie channel or another band from europe that is using the name recently 
software pos 406.txt aside from the typical minor quarks , this is overall a good product . i 've been using turbo tax for many years and it seems to work for me 
dvd pos 105.txt there 's not much to say about the reputation of these movies . there 's also little to say about these dvds , many of which are the high quality special edition collections . just do the math . this is no brainer for people who do n't own any of these dvds . even if you only want 8 of them ( less than half ! ) , that 's about $20.00 a movie ( at amazon 's present sales price ) and since many of these movies are special editions , that 's still a steal ! this is a solid place to start your dvd collection . not everyone will enjoy all these movies ( after all , they range from westerns to romantic pieces to musicals ) , but at this price even giving half of them away still allows you a tremendous savings . one note : the version of amadeus here is the reissue and the longer , director 's cut of the movie that was not originally released . some ( including myself ) prefer the tighter original release ( which can still be gotten at amazon but sadly has no commentary and requires you to flip the disc in the middle of the movie ! ) 
books pos 852.txt i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like " jive " , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today 
health pos 186.txt my hair gets weighed down very easily by finishing / smoothing products - - they will leave my hair looking flat and greasy instead of smooth . my hair is very fine , but also thick ( which is very annoying ) . this finishing solution leaves my hair very smooth without weighing it down . it seems very expensive for such a small bottle , but a little goes a long way ( i 've had the same bottle for nearly a year and it 's still not finished ) . definitely spritz it into your hands and not directly into your hair because it does not disperse at all . the scent is very light and refreshing and not at all overwhelming . 
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
health pos 512.txt never owned one of these electric jobs before . could not believe how good it felt and how clean my teeth felt and looked . hated brushing my teeth before and now i will look forward to the experience . never wanted to spend the money before but now they are at an affordable price point . why not have 2 and get all the different heads for a real professional clean ? everyone should have one . 
software neg 898.txt i got the hang on the 21% and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . well the only services i had running was the security services ( firewall and antivirus ) . as an experiment i tried loading it on two computers set up identically . on one i shut down the antivirus and on the other i shut down the firewall . neither would install . so i shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . i cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . makes me wonder. . " what are they hiding that they dont want me to know about " . i checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my av again and found nothing but still.. . it makes you wonder . also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , many patches and updates . will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . they just want more money . in my opinion...do not waste your money on this crap . by the time you waste your money on getting this to work , you can get a professional to do it for you for less 
software pos 19.txt these are a favorite in the home . even though we have all of them , they are each different and provide hours of entertainment . skills are learned while solving puzzles some include spatial manipulation of puzzle pieces and roman numerals . great source of fun and learning . also a desire to read the actual book and see what is different and the same between book and game 
dvd pos 325.txt i did not have any of the original trilogy on dvd . i am happy to have the theatrical releases as i am not a fan of the se 's , particularly jedi . i was nervous due to bad reviews , but they look and sound great . if you like star wars and want the original releases i highly recommend these . if you already happily own the se 's or are feeling cheated or robbed in some way by repeated releases of the same movie , then do n't buy these . 
books pos 804.txt if it 's an animation career you 're aiming for , do n't set your sights without consulting your career in animation : how to survive and thrive . animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely , it offers far more complexities than in the past . 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker , creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world . from networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job , your career in animation is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business . diane c . donovan california bookwatch 
software pos 92.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone 
software pos 802.txt the fact that they call this premier is a little overdone . the reality is that this is the " pro " version with a few bells and whistles which in most cases do not warrant the additional price 
music neg 476.txt in general i 'm a big fan of movie music , but to tell the truth i expected more from this one . this soundtrack is incomaparable to say lord of the rings or star wars movie music . it lacks depth and emotion and power . unlike emotionally potent melodies present in lotr soundtrack the eragon is pretty dull and uninteresting . i get the impression that the entire album is in fact a variation of a single theme called eragon . i get the feeling that entire album has only one very long and boring track . i hope they 'll make better album for the next movie of the inheritence trilogy . 
music neg 647.txt made another bull**** album . honestly i did n't hear this whole album . about 5 years ago i was ridin wit one of my boys and he played this cd . oh my god for the first time in my life i wished i was deaf . i see the reason why her albums sell though . cause its her looks and nothin else . she 's not ugly at all to me . she just ca n't sing . but she can livin up a crowd . i 'm just waitin to see her and 50 cent doin a song together , two of the worst people in music , millionaires . go figure 
health pos 522.txt this small flosses is great . to get the most out of it make sure you use the string floss and not the plastic ones that comes with it . the little plastic floss can break and get stuck between your teeth . happened at least couple of times so i switch to the string floss 
software neg 264.txt i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program . 
books neg 65.txt i was really looking forward to both the book and the movie . unfortunately i think both are very much overrated . character development is non-existent . we 're supposed to believe that the haunted , passive , timid character dave was an all-star shortstop in high school ? the book had a great premise and good beginning , but went nowhere interesting . the handling of dave 's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book 's most intriguing character . 
books neg 618.txt i must have missed something about this book . i ca n't believe that minority report and total recall , two movies that i did enjoy , came from this author . the stories seem to be missing something . perhaps , this version should not have been the first works by this author for me to have read 
health neg 428.txt this thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . i can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . it has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . i also enjoy the lights for ambiance . but for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth 
books pos 383.txt i 've been a fan of carol dweck 's scholarly work for years . her work on self-esteem , self-concept , and the incremental vs. entity theories of intelligence provides some of the most powerfully useful tools i 've encountered for educators and parents in their work with children , as well as in their own self-awareness and lives . i 'm delighted to see this information written here in such a user-friendly conversational tone , rich with stories that illustrate the nuances and complexities of dweck 's research and ideas . i 'm recommending this book to all of my graduate students ( teachers and principals working with gifted learners ) , as well as to parents of high-ability children . dona matthews , ph.d . , director of the hunter college center for gifted studies and education , city university of new york 
dvd pos 42.txt i really liked this film . before michael moore became a liberal celebrity , he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker . this film was a major underground hit at the time , and it still is excellent today . you really feel for the people who lose their jobs , and you 're infuriated by the callous indifference of roger smith and the management of general motors . i really liked the segment where flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the midwest . it consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a hilton in downtown flint , and opening up a theme park called auto world . it justs smacks of desperation and stupidity ; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time . instead of giving these people really good jobs again , they come up with this idiotic scheme , which ended up in disaster ( both the hilton and auto world closed within a year ) . moore in recent years has become a " political celebrity " , in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in america . it 's not just moore doing it ; right wingers like hannity and coulter have been doing it too . they all got books ; some of them got films ; some of them have radio shows . a lot of them are n't really interested in changing anything , as it might interfere with their livelihoods . i do n't know if moore is like that or not . but this is still a potent , darkly funny film about real class warfare , and the dismantling of the working class in america . 
books pos 132.txt wonderful text . helps to rationalize and boost understanding on why cubans living in miami have such foreign behaviors in the eyes of the outsider . the author takes you by the hand , and walks you step by step . absolutely wonderful and did an excellent job at steering clear of any bias 
software pos 493.txt the product came well-packaged and unopened . i really needed instructions on how to open the packaging . but once i got it opened and installed , the product works as well as promised . the set-up and ribbon menu is a lot more user-friendly than 2003. i downloaded the trial version that microsoft had offered , and i must say that this is the best office product offered by microsoft to date 
music pos 791.txt this is a wondrful cd and quite a bargin . two discs and the very best of nancy wilson . i liked so much , i bought two and gave one to a friend 
software neg 638.txt i was very disappointed in this software . it 's not really good for anything and i still have n't figure out why this was even released . i own printmaster 15 , american greetings creata card 8 , and an few other photo and scrapbook programs . this software has templates to make banners , cards , invitations , and all that stuff . the templates are few compared to other programs and then to customize them , well you really can't . if you try to start out with a blank template and add your own photos you are limited to what you can do . no borders , edging , font manipulating . it 's just insert the photo , do some basic photo touch ups and that is pretty much it . i wanted to add shadows , edges , frames to my pictures and couldn't . the fonts could only be made in single color . you could not add outlines or drop shadows , nothing . add the font , pick your size , pick your style , and that was it . you can only save to their 1 file format which of course only works with zoom . no e-mailing or file converting . what good is this program i have yet to find out . i spend time to make a birthday invitation from my own pictures . well guess what , i could n't e-mail it to my guests . print is all it does . complete waste of money . this is the first software i ever purchased that i will be returning . spend a few extra bucks and get something like print master , print shop , or something comparible 
books pos 677.txt whether everything 's on the level here or not i have no idea but in the neverland of hollywood it does n't surprise me that an ex-mouseketeer could be drawn into the shadowy and dangerous circle of colorful mobster mickey cohen . it is a vastly entertaining read , however , and would make a cool movie 
dvd neg 118.txt one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie : low budget , unispired performances ( alexis denisof is particularly bad here ) , lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon , bad direction , despisable characters , cliched situations.. . how kinski chose to act in this one ? 
software neg 319.txt i bought the mac version of turbotax premier , and i installed it on my mac with os 10.3.9. after doing my entire return , i clicked to e-file and received a message saying , " could not load attribute , " this error box gave me the options to continue ( which just took me back to the e-file page , which led me to the same error message ) or connect to intuit online support . the intuit support site said , " this error occurs when attempting to file electronically . if you are connecting through a router , try bypassing the router and filing again . if the error persists , it may be necessary to file by paper . we are currently working to resolve this error . . . . to be notified as soon as we have an answer , click here to sign up . " i do n't have the technical know-how to " bypass the router . " i also figured that if intuit had n't solved the problem by march 26 ( the day i was ready to submit my return ) , they probably were n't going to , even if i were willing to hold onto my return until i 'd received word they 'd solved the problem . so i ended up mailing in my return . if i 'd known up front that i would n't be able to e-file , i probably would n't bought the program . 
health pos 531.txt i received this for christmas from my amazon wishlist . i wanted to give it a couple of months of use before reviewing . i was a long time user of norelco shavers , but switched to a blade since i could n't get a close enough shave . now that the whiskers are mostly gray , you ca n't tell for a few days if i shaved or not , so closeness is no longer an issue . i typically use this shaver in the shower , and have noticed that if you wash your face first , it takes more of the cool skin creme to give a smooth , close shave . just a hint , guys . for the most part this shaver does a good job of getting around the wrinkles , dimples and adam 's apple cleanly with very little drag . my only complaint is that the trimmer head is a separate attachment and that makes it difficult to trim the ' stash & sideburns while showering . small complaint that does n't remove any ratings stars . all in all a great shaver 
books pos 91.txt this book appears on most of the ' best of ' science fiction lists that various pundits and critics have put out , even though it is not a very commonly known work . does it deserve such a placing ? i think the answer to that depends upon what your viewpoint is about what science fiction , as a form of literature , is supposed to accomplish . the idea is simple enough . a new drug , developed from the bacteria that causes syphilis , is found to have the property of greatly increasing a person 's intelligence , but with major side effect - it kills the user in about nine months . the story follows one louis sacchetti , a conscientious objector to a seemingly interminable war , and who would already be considered to be a genius by most standards , as he is transferred from a standard prison to a facility specially constructed to see what will happen to its inmates when given this drug . the story is told through the means of a journal that louis is encouraged , almost forced , to keep . as this idea is extremely similar to that of daniel keyes ' flowers for algernon ( which was later made into the movie charly ) , comparison is invited . flowers emphasizes the tragedy of the hero , a man who struggles to find those bits of knowledge that will help not just himself but all mankind , up against an unbeatable problem , that of his own retreat to sub-normal intelligence again . camp concentration follows a completely different path , that of the essential selfishness of the individual , of nihilism , of the despair of ever being able to change humanity in any meaningful way . the inmates that louis initially documents are apparently using their greatly enhanced intelligence to investigate alchemy as a means of providing immortality , not for humanity in general , but for themselves and the ' warden ' of this prison , humphrey haast . louis , meanwhile , seems caught up in crafting new poems and a play , entitled ' auswitch , a comedy' . the title is indicative of something disch does throughout this book , playing with names and titles to produce another layer of meaning behind the straightforward words , and is fairly effective in doing so . the tone is the primary thing here , a very dark , brooding atmosphere , enlivened by a very wide ranging vocabulary and many references , both buried and open , to other works of literature ( most especially dante ) , and scientific and psychological theories . readers who are not familiar with these references may feel a little lost at places in this book - at least i did , as my breadth of knowledge in these areas is clearly more limited than disch's . but from this tone , disch develops his themes of the corruption of man , of his baser desires , the absolute horrors of what man is capable of , and where such capacity leads . as such , this book is almost the complete antithesis of flowers for algernon - that is , until the ending of this book . the ending of this book , i felt , rather drastically detracted from its overall message , as it does n't seem to fit with the rest , and has a little of a deus-ex-machina feel to it . given the many layered discourse that disch presented in the rest of the book , which while sometimes difficult to follow , was certainly excellent writing , this ending was a disappointment . while this is certainly a major entry into the dystopian side of science fiction literature , whether it truly qualifies as a ' classic ' will be , i 'm afraid , very much a matter of opinion for a long time to come . but it is certainly worth reading , if for nothing else than to see the darker side of genius competently presented . - - - reviewed by patrick shepherd ( hyperpat 
dvd neg 543.txt mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing it sucks 
dvd pos 824.txt great to own such a john candy / dan akroid classic . not recommended for children . quite a lot of profanity 
health pos 208.txt upon recommendation from other consumers , i purchased these rollers . i travel a great deal for my job and get-aways with my husband . the rollers heat up well and are compact . i just keep them in my suitcase all the time so i 'm ready to go 
dvd pos 359.txt what really good fun ! ! my whole family enjoyed these dvds to the fullest . really wonderful , with the feeling of rome and a personalized view of the history . we often travel to italy and this was a " taste " without the trip 
dvd pos 49.txt this is a great show and very entertaining . the story is n't the greek classic , but it 's a fine riff on it . the songs are good , and they grow on you as you watch . i take issue with the reviewer who thought there was gratuitous sexuality in the meg character - it 's just a cartoon , for pete 's sake . like some other reviewers , i was also annoyed with michael bolton singing " go the distance " over the end credits , but this dvd has a music video of the spanish language version , " no importa la distancia , " sung by ricky martin , and it is killer ! this one is well worth the money 
dvd pos 135.txt what an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of glen gould . this pianist is from another planet . classical music has never been so exciting to a rock n ' roll fan 
camera pos 216.txt " wow ! " is all i can say to express my reaction after getting prints taken with my 17-40. i 've been using nikon manual-focus nikkors since 1988 and was always satisfied with the color and sharpness . however , after using the canon " l " series , i 've sold a lot of my nikkors . the color , clarity , sharpness , and detail of the " l " lenses are amazing . the prints have this 3-d effect ( without having to use those silly red / blue glasses ! ) 8 - ) within 3 weeks of receiving my 17-40 , i ordered the 70-200. those two lenses will replace my whole nikkor collection . build is really good . the " l " zooms are a little bulkier , but very managable . the nikkors are smaller , but very heavy . but lense technology and coatings have improved so much in 20 years , i can see the difference . i tested the lens by pointing it toward the sun . the 17-40 surprising handles flare very well . with the sun just outside the field of view , there was very little flare and loss of contrast . i also make 12x18 prints , and this lens handles them easily . the body is going to be the limiting factor ( refering to digital bodies ) . warning : once you use " l " glass , you are going to be spoiled . you may not settle for consumer lenses anymore , although some non-l lenses are quick good from what i read 
health neg 956.txt horrible just like tend skin . try princereigns or min they actually work and dont burn your face off like tend skin or magic shav 
music neg 86.txt this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you 
health pos 711.txt my wife found the women 's version of this cologne in bermuda and it smells great , so i happen to see the man 's version of her cologne and tried it and thought it was great as well . fruity yet woodsey smell hard to describe , girls will eat it up ! 
health pos 96.txt now that i 'm writing this review , it seems silly that i 'm so happy over such a small thing as a toothbrush . but i am . i bought this item not long after i had my first ( and hopefully only ) root canal and crown four years ago , something which i never again want to experience in my life ( as someone else described , it was painful and expensive ) . growing up , i did n't take care of my teeth like i should 've , so i 'm accustomed to always being told there 's either a cavity , or the start of one , and having to have more work done . after the root canal , my mom recommended a brush that had at least a certain number of pulsations / oscillations , because that 's what she 'd been recommended by her dentist to combat her receding gums . this specific item met those requirements , and it was affordable . when i first started using it , my gums were very sensitive to it , but that quickly wore off , so it seems to me that it strengthens the gums . it is also much easier to get behind the front teeth . subsequent dentist vists by my mom have shown that her gums have improved dramatically after using a high-quality electric toothbrush such as this one ( i honestly do n't remember if she has this exact model , but ours are similar ) , and i 've not needed any work done at the dentist beyond regular cleanings since i purchased it . as far as cleaning the unit to keep it from " gunking " up , i 'm the only person who uses this item , so any extra toothbrush heads are still in the package they came in , not dripping into the storage container ; so i do n't know how to combat that . but i just take the toothbrush head off the thing and rinse it , then rinse the hand-held part , and set them back on the unplugged charger / base ( i only plug it in when the battery runs low ) and things stay clean with no problem 
camera neg 376.txt this battery only gives me about an hour of playing time on my philips pet724 7 " portable dvd / divx player . after that it claims to have 75% charge left but ca n't even get the player to turn on and does n't charge it if it 's turned off 
dvd pos 278.txt it took me all of 4 hours to read this book . it was insightful and entertaining . it was also sad . i cried so hard at the end of the book that i hiccuped for 3 hours . i work at a children 's home and have passed this book to several of my ' children ' who returned the book damp with tears and facing challenges with new resolve . i highly recommend this book to anyone who has to face any type of challenge , whether mental , physical , financial , whatever 
camera pos 626.txt i have a canon eos rebel which takes fantastic pictures . i use it around home and when i am setting up static shots such as family portraits . the only problem is...who wants to lug it around to take snapshots . despite some of the above opinions about lack of sharpness , i have had no such problems . the 5900 is great for " grab " shots and it 's not too shabby for setting up a planned shot using it 's advanced controls . be sure that you buy a fast memory card . this will reduce the time between shots . as in most cameras , a memory card is not supplied with the camera . mr. goyal 's review about not being able to take pictures without a memory card is not true . you can take a limited number of shots with the internal memeory . the only real problem i have is the red-eye reduction feature . i usually turn it off as the delay between the " red-eye " flash and the main flash is too long . the subjects often think the shot is over and start to move . anyway it is easy enough to remove it later , either with photo-software or with the photo kisok in the drug store 
dvd pos 104.txt i thought that this was adam sandler 's best movie he has made.that he played man who 's a slacker that he trys to impress his girlfriend by adopting a cute 5-year-old boy ( played by dylan & cole sprouse ) .i think of how the movie should 've ended real good is for sonny to have legal custody of jullian.i laugh out loud when i see this movie ! ! ! 
health pos 611.txt i 've used the pigeon brand ( i believe it 's from japan ) milk storage bags - those are the best-quality bags i 've ever used . unfortunately , they 're also very difficult to find . these lansinoh bags are a good substitute at 1 / 3 of pigeon 's price . not bad at all ! my baby and i travel a lot so i bring along my stock of bmilk in these lansinoh bags . no mishaps thus far . highly recommended 
books pos 359.txt this is a charming little book . it 's very concise , profusely illustrated , and it covers the basic geometry of platonic and archimedean solids . it delightfully summarizes the work of plato / theaetetus , archimedes , euclid , kepler , and euler in only 57 pages , half of which contain only illustrations . as a model-builder who attaches no special religious significance to polyhedra , i was a little concerned when i looked at the other books in the series that this book might be about " sacred geometry . " fortunately ( at least from my point of view ) it does not contain a word about it , except for a cursory reference to the elements plato associated with each of the platonic solids . a table at the end includes the dihedral and central angles and edge / radius ratios for all the platonic and archimedean solids- -all the info a model builder needs ! this book wo n't impress anyone with a mathematics background , but for a layman like me , it 's a perfect introduction . kudos to sutton for putting this material in such an elegant and accessible format 
dvd pos 343.txt i love death cab . i saw on degrassi , when an interviewer asks ashley and craig ( in the interview that they leeave spinner and marco out of ) they say that they are influenced by dcfc , i started watching degrassi when i heard kevin smith was on 3 episodes . get this dvd....it is sooooooo good , i want plans too. . 
books neg 567.txt here 's a real-review : *the first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong . *the second 100 pages are about the frankenstein movie . *the last 90 pages are about every movie-star that 's ever gotten cosmetic surgery . and the whole thing is stitched together with an english teacher 's weekend theory on how a mix of " simulations and simulacra " + " the ego and the id " explain why people get cosmetic surgery . if you 're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles , then do yourself a favor and skip this one . how can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio ? 
software neg 707.txt complete waste of money . i purchased my copy at wal-mart but wanted to warn others before they made the same mistake i did . the graphics and templates they use on the package to lure you in are nice and tasteful . the actaul program is so not like that . the graphics are down right cheesy , and low budget . having only paid $9 for this program , i feel like i was completely ripped off . i 'll for sure be calling the company and asking for a refund . 1 star seems like too many to give this awful item 
health neg 701.txt to get hot lather , which is nice , you first have to get the device installed on top the can . i would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated . the directions provided are sparse in several languages . first you have to pry the top off the can of shaving cream . they provide a pry tool for that purpose which works well on some brands of shaving cream better than others . then you have to fit the device on top the can . it worked well with one brand in a large size can . when i tried it with a smaller size can of shaving cream it emptied half the can during the installation process . using a different brand in a large can , i had trouble prying the top off the can . if you have time and patience , and are willing to spend some money on various brands of shaving cream to find one that works well , give it a try . otherwise , be forewarned it may lead to frustration and bad language . it would be nice if companies intending to sell products in the us ( apparently manufactured somewhere in asia ) would provide a clear set of instuctions in english , in reasonable large readable type , with illustrations . in this case , they need to clearly specify the type shaving cream can the unit is designed for . i do not need instructions in foreign languages , and get tired of limited instructions in six languages 
dvd neg 722.txt with the all star lineup this movie had , i would 've thought that they could be better utilized than a story on the gov . of lousiana . this could have been a really good gangster flick - all the people were avaialable . sean penn instead of all his hand waving and droning on and on about something i really could not follow , could have put his skills onto something better . this movie is a complete waste of talent , money - you name it 
books pos 632.txt mere words cannot express how pleased i am with my copy of 501 french verbs . very user friendly . well organized . a gem . i am currently working between learning spanish and french . between the two , i feel that french is the more difficult language . now , how to speak the language . the accent , sentence formation , idioms ? for all the beauty of this reference book , no one comes even close to equaling behind the wheel french for teaching you how to put all these verbs together and actually speak the language like the natives . if you 're just trying to get through a college french course requirement or never plan on really speaking the language , then 501 french verbs is perfectly fine all by its sweet self . however , if you do want to do more than read french literature and plan on hitting the streets in france someday , then by all means , combine this fabulous book with behind the wheel french cds . they also have a revised version for the same price that comes with a terrific book that is very instructional and easy to use . ( same price ) with answers right on the same page , english translations , the whole nine yards . makes it very easy to learn french 
health neg 955.txt i have never used such an impactless ( if that is a word ) product . there is absolutely no effect whatsoever , not even remotely . it is simply a waste of money and bottle . i am terribly disappointed - you are better off blowing air and water over your ingrown hair areas for better effect.... . 
health pos 352.txt i got this product when the price dropped down to $12. so for that price i liked this product a lot . it heats the lotion well . initially i thought it was small , but now i think it is the correct size . i did not realize how much better it is to apply heated lotion until this . i switch it on when i go for a bath and by the time i am back , the lotion is ready and warm . it is a great buy , and for all you bargain shoppers , wait till the price drops . it is especially a great buy during winter 
books neg 905.txt extremely difficult to dig through the excessive examples in order to find the relevant theorems and results . because of this , the problems at the end of each chapter become exercises in tedium , as more time is spent searching for the necessary theorems in the text than in actually working out the solution . i do not recommend 
dvd neg 596.txt terrible movie.. . i really like denzel washington as an actor but in this movie it was very dissapointing.. . he is much better when he plays to be a good person that fights for justice and what is right 
books neg 157.txt i am soooo glad that i checked this out of the library and did n't pay for this garbage . i really should of listened to the reviews on this book before i wasted a day reading it . actually , about half-way through i skimmed . the first couple chapters were n't bad , but the rest was just awful . gracie , her ex-husband , her friends...they are the most pathetic , shallow bunch of fakes i 've ever read about . what 's even worse is that 's the authors real life ( maybe not the divorce part , but the rest of it ) . in the end , all i have to say is do n't waste your time ! ! i should of listened to the others , but i did n't , and now i regret that i wasted so much time when i could of been reading something worth while . 
dvd neg 335.txt great casting , but poor choice of a stage script to translate to film . it 's so aggravating . i want to chew my own leg off half way into it . i know part of it is everyone is a " talker " of a various sort . they 're all a different type of scam artist for this reason in how they sell . i just do n't think it works . otherwise talented dialog delivery that comes off totally contrived . the best actors in this are playing cliches of themselves . it gives stage to screen adaptations a bad name . mamet 's an extraordinary genius-writer , but this did not belong on the screen . 
software pos 193.txt my dad got this for me to supplement a latin textbook i have been studying for my high school language course . it is quick and easily understandable . you get plenty of words and phrases , which is perfect for a traveler . if you want to learn the language for the sake of knowing it , not travel , however , you 'd better get a book to supplement this . it does n't teach about pluralization , verb conjugation , or other oddities that the language holds , such as , in latin , the ending -m which implies a direct object . the latin cd also does not use the dashes over the vowels ( ie .  ,  ,  ,  ,  ) . overall , i am very happy with the product and with the price of $39.99 ( usd ) , but i am also quite glad i have my textbook ( ecce romani ) to go with it 
software neg 255.txt all i wanted was a way to identify some files , remember which ones so every time i wanted to backup , i would press " go " and the backup would start . alohabob was too " smart " for my use . first , it has this intelligent file finder that finds what is likely to be backed up . i indicate that i want to select my own files ( which it lets me think i can do ) . then thinking it would bring me to browser window - - no , no , no...it still needs to waste time doing its indexing as if i had selected the " smart find " . i then manually select my files ( great ! ! ) . in trying to save the " template " of what files i wanted to backup , it requires that i make it a reoccurring backup with selected backup frequency ( yuk ! ! ) . i want to back up when i get to it ( about once a month , not when it wants to - - i am backing up to a dvd which i need to put in the drive ) . ok , so now i am over that and the backup begins - great ! ! ! upon returning into the application a month later , i can not select my saved " template " to " run now " , it will run when it is scheduled to run : ( so...i need to repeat the whole process just to get the same files as last time backed up . i exchanged emails with the company and they understood but were not going to " add " the features i described . oh well - it looked like such a promising product . now i need to find another that satisfies my requirements 
music neg 969.txt this album bores me out of my mind . only two decent tracks : bad boys and bonnie and clyde . and i 'm no avid radio listener . bet and mtv actually hit the nail on the head with these tracks . so i guess they good for somethin 
health neg 515.txt a fine example of how fickle or intimate ( i prefer the word intimate ) scent is to each of us . this is one fragrance that i have not gotten to like . received as a gift more than a year ago , the bottle still has three-quarters . it does have a ` rich ' scent but i find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent , not educing a one word description like ` sporty ' , ` sexy ' , ` alluring' . i do n't wear it very often but i do n't recall a single occasion of ` what fragrance are you wearing ? ' with this one . it 's just not my cup of tea so definitely , if you 're not familiar with this scent beforehand ; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day . why buy ? as a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs . as a gift for your boss - you will know he 's coming from a mile away . you need a gift for a guy who could n't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee 
music pos 586.txt if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing 
music neg 445.txt me especially i cannot hate on cam cuz i got his first albums and thats when he was serious lyrically . either the money went to his head or he just ran outta s*** to say . and judgin that his subject matter stays the same i guesss its true . dude spits some retarded a** lyrics . i give this cd a two cuz of the beats . but this dude is a certified beatwaster . these producers need to give these beats to rappers who can actually spit bars . this n***a sumtimes do n't even rhyme 
music pos 544.txt first off , to the above comments , while i thoroughly enjoyed your well articulated history lessons , and would be interested to read other history lessons from you , you have to realize that this story is not directly based off of the 300 spartans at thermopolye , but of the graphic novel . now this is not to say that it is historily accurate in some sense , but the movie is tuned more to the direction of the graphic novell itself . **** caution spoiler alert ***** besides that the soundtrack is amazing and it is always a joy to listen to a soundtrack that really captivates the real emotion of that particular scene , i especially enjoyed the music when they fight the " beasts " and it is really hard rock , and i especially loved the ending music when the entire spartan army is gathered and the one spartan is telling them to remember leonidas ( it is called remember us on the soundtrack ) . may we all find our own " glorius death 
dvd pos 132.txt despite the chintzy , unconvincing facial hair ( jeff daniels ' being the exception ) ; martin sheen 's too-gentlemanly interpretation of gen . lee 's accent ( and his beard ) ; obvious & saccharine soliloquies about the higher purpose for fighting the war ; generalized ( and largely inaccurate ) interpretations of the underlying history of the war ; and hopelessly , ridiculously , wildly off-the-mark attempts atnew england accents , the film still works . i understand that to get a film produced and distributed , it is often necessary to have recognizable names in the cast . but an unknown who looks more like general lee than martin sheen would have been a better choice . and c . thomas howell 's performance- -well , let 's just say that his glued-on beard was more convincing than his acting . jeff daniels , however , does an excellent job , in large part because he does n't try to convince you he 's from new england and consequently does not come off like cliff from cheers , using every stereotype associated with nasal ' r' -dropping . instead of focusing on the so-called nasality of the ne accent ( think of sheen in the missiles of octobah ) , daniels allows the viewer to suspend disbelief . but then , here comes ct howell again to slap you across the face and remind you that sheen and kevin costner are n't the only actors who should have appeared as new englanders in an ed wood production . i think the story works because there 's enough commitment to historical military fact to make it believable . the battle scenes probably should have been more visually graphic to evoke the horror of the battle , but the movie makers either did n't have the budget for gore ( maybe it was spent on the obviously fake beards ) or decided to err on the side of forbearance . if gettysburg had been made 8-10 years later , it might have benefited from the newer style of violence-depiction , as in saving private ryan , thin red line , or gladiator . it falls a bit short of that , however . finally , it should be noted that the producers / director seem to be operating on a rather simplistic view of the war 's historical underpinnings , opting to represent the northern point of view as one united behind the idea of freeing the slaves . anyone who knows about the boston busing riots of the 1970s will understand that not all of the north is steeped in racial generosity and brotherhood . very few who fought on the side of the blue fought because they believed in the abolition of slavery . they fought to preserve the union , which is a very different concept . abolition of slavery happened to be the issue that forced the south 's hand , but it was not the sole cause of the war . the movie dumbs this down a bit , making the message more like what you 'd find in a 5th-grade text book . the battle at gettysburg was certainly pivotal , but viewers should remember that it did not end the civil war . the north absolutely needed to win it , but lee continued to cause the north fits for almost 2 years after gettysburg . c . thomas howell will continue to cause me fits every time i think of this movie . still and all , the film is very watchable . and due credit should be given to the re-enactors , arguably the greatest source of credibility for the film 
music pos 920.txt i bought this for my wife , a huge fan of patrick o'brian ( she 's read the books twice in the past two years alone ) . ironically , it now sits in my car 's cd shuffler where it undoubtedly gets the most airtime . i love this music ! as another reviewer mentioned , with some cofee ( killick , there ! ) , this music and desolation island in your hand , you feel transported to a life of long ago . when men sang to rouse the soul , brighten the spirit , damn the enemy and win the heart of their colleen ( sorry...nancy ) - all with spine , mind and muscle fully intact . the harmonies are rich , the voices deep . and yet , the last reviewer 's questions have the faint ring of truth . my first hearing rang a bit flat , the music sounding just this side of stale . but , in the end , it just do n't signify . even on that first run , by the end of the cd i was clumsily , but merrily joining in with the crew . i suppose i have come to imbue the songs with a life of my own , belting them out at full volume down the highway . i hope you enjoy them as much as i do 
books neg 503.txt i was disappointed in this book . the art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a tv craft show . i would instead recomment robert wade 's watercolor book . 
camera pos 144.txt there are already tons of reviews on the eos 300d ( digital rebel ) but i do want to share my experience with the camera , so i will keep this short . i bought this camera about 5 months ago and i am in love with . i was not new to photography or to slr 's , but new to the world of digital slr . i had previously used an ancient minolta x-570 , a " pro-sumer " 35mm film slr with a vivitar 35-105 standard zoom lens . first and foremost this camera takes excellent pictures , very high quality and no distortion that i have seen . this camera is particularly good as a beginner 's dslr because there are so many options to use and learn . but until you are ready to take advantage of all the featues , you can use this just like a point and shoot . battery life has been excellent so far : thought i would suggest getting an extra to have as a backup for long days of taking photos . i have also been quite happy with the kit lens , which i was n't sure i would like since it is not as versatile as the lens i had been using on my minolta . but the kit lens has proved to be a great learning tool : i have been able to take some great shots , while also learning what kinds of other , better lenses i would like to add to my setup . **the only issue i have had was a problem with a sandisk 2gb cf card . after about 300 shots , the camera froze and stopped responding to that card . i was able to salvage most of the photos after the fact , but do n't risk it . if you 're serious enough to spend this kind of money on a camera , spend a little extra money on the sandisk ultra ii line of high-speed cards . 
health pos 356.txt dr. scholl 's foot cream was excellent . it 's a rich overnight foot cream with a pleasant smell . my feet felt softer in the morning after using it at night and i noticed a difference immediately in my dry , cracked heels . i also ended up using it on my hands and elbows before i went to bed . especially my hands were really soft in the morning . i 've tried other foot creams and not been really impressed . but i think the difference is that dr. scholl 's has no alcohol in it , and it 's really rich so you can actually feel the moisture in your skin 
camera neg 339.txt this frame looks great until you turn it on . the picture quality is less than stellar , but that is n't what annoyed me about this frame . when you buy this frame do n't expect to view your photos at the 16:9 ratio without some work in a photo manipulation program . what does that mean you ask ? that means that your photos wo n't fill the entire screen in the 4:3 mode . you will have 2 black bars on either side of your images ; this will not take advantage of the entire frame . if you switch to the 16:9 mode your images will stretch to the width of the frame , making peoples faces distorted . i have a workaround for those who are familiar with image manipulation . see below . the build quality of the frame is pretty good . if mustek would fix the 16:9 problem and get a better quality screen , this would be a nice little frame . a little work is evolved setting up the pictures for the 16:9 ratio , but i figured it out . 16:9 stretches the image , making it look distorted . these steps compensate for the stretch and make your images appear normal . i set up a macro in photoshop allowing me to do a batch in one click of the mouse . you will just need to keep an eye out on how it crops the image . some of your images might be better served one at a time . start with an image that is 1024x768 in your image editing program . 1. go to the image size menu and change the width of the image to 77% ( or 788 pixels ) this will make the image look distorted . that is ok . 2. then go to the canvas size menu and crop the height of the image to 77% ( or 591 pixels ) the image is ready to save . you might want to save as in to another folder so you can go back to your original if needed . 3. copy your edited images on to the flash card and insert into the frame 
software neg 151.txt i just purchased the hallmark card studio 2004 ( ... ) . everything installed fine but when attempting to print a card , the first side printed fine , but when printing the next side i keep getting the " this program has performed an illegal operation and will shut down " . i have been in contact with their technical support but have not had any luck so far . i have wasted a lot of paper and ink so far in getting just part of a card printed . i am running windows 98se . i will probably be returning this to the store ( if possible ) . it looked to have some nice cards on it , which is basically all i wanted it for , but for some reason will not print correctly on my computer . 
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone 
books pos 533.txt i think the most striking part of this book is that you feel comforted by the fact that the problems you 're facing in your own relationships are commonplace . they 're not dysfunctional . every family has its share of issues and you do n't need to feel overly guilty for yours . the book 's underlying theme is that families that honesty , consideration , character , belief and perhaps above everything else - resilience , can get you through the worst debacles and that at the end of the day it 's probably ( though not always ) worth the effort . stories include : resentment about controlling parents who appear to display conditional loving and also about appreciating how much of their lives parents sacrifice to bring the kids up ; the search for redemption after abandoning a kid or cheating on a wife , the courage required to break relationships that are dead and the perseverance required to bring one back from the dead ( and the effect on kids ) , dealing with the families of your in-laws and family objection to marriage , how to deal with kids who are falling into bad habits when you feel powerless to influence their decisions because they no longer respect you or listen to you , dealing with the death of a child , how we feel obligated to spend time with our families rather than actually wanting to spend time with them and what we are losing , etc. although it may seem that most people cannot relate to these situations.. . actually i felt an amazing amount of empathy for the families and came away with a renewed conviction that i can get the perfect family life ( with all it 's frustrations and headaches ) and balance it with everything . if you have any relationship , friendship that you have a certain amount of frustration , resignation about then i strongly recommend this book . it is one of those books that if it hits you at the right time - it could change your relationships and your life 
software pos 149.txt works fine . like several other office packages lacks database program , access 
health neg 80.txt purchased this machine for my wife ( born 1949 ) who has high blood pressure ( 150+ / 90+ untreated ) and type-ii diabetes . had high hopes as this was not a drug-related therapy . but was vastly disappointed by lack of positive results . yes , she enjoyed using it . but her blood pressure was not improved . here is my analysis for your consideration . if your high plood pressure is caused by stress and the cares of life , resperate may work for you . but there is no mechanism by which it can address or cure arteriosclerosis . so , carefully analyze the cause of your high blood pressure before buying 
software neg 67.txt ...for indesign to not have one basic features . everyone i know still does french folds , but in order to see double page spreads in indesign you have to lay them out wrong in the program , then you have to painstakingly go through your document and shift the entire document by one page , layout by layout . this is mortally stupid . at this point adobe should have figured how a tool like i.d. is actually used in conjunction with a printer , not just assumed the user wants to print what they see on their screen . the oversight is the difference between avergage klunky desktop publishing software and a great layout tool . why is n't there a button that toggles me between the layout view and priont output ? why do i have to slave over a document like this ? adobe , stop thinking in the abstract and investigate how your software can facilitate printed results . also who knows how you get an alpha path or clipping path into this ? mine shows me a heavily pixelated , entirely xparent bw image when it supposed to be a cropped color image . what do you want me to do with that 
camera pos 246.txt not knowing fully what i was getting into , on a whim i purchased this monopod hoping that is was a half-way decent product , i mean-it was so cheap . i was pleasantly surprised to find how sturdy the unit was and that what i had was a very high quality monopod . this was my second monopod and so i had another to compare it with ( the other was bought on an auction website ) . in comparison the opteka was a far better monopod in height and robust thickness and i use it exclusively on my minidv shoots 
music pos 202.txt what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician 
books neg 474.txt i have a hard time believing that the author has ever seen an episode of tng . i had to force myself to finish this book it was so bad . by far the worst star trek book i have ever read . if you want a good one read ' federation ' and stay as far away from this one as you can 
dvd neg 492.txt wow was that ever awful ! i 'd write more but im busy cleansing my dvd player after loading that steaming pile ! ! 
software neg 833.txt i have a 2 month old high-end dell pc with tons of memory and disk , running windows xp pro . this game does n't work . period . first of all , when i installed it , it reset my graphics options . second , when i attempt to play a game , even at the settings that it chose , i get nothing but a white screen . after numerous tries , and killing the program with the task manager , i finally attempted the other activities options . clicking on them does absolutely nothing ! it does n't recognize my mouse clicks . i 'm assuming that the game was written for the apple mac , and ported to the pc . trust me , it does n't work . btw , we have tons of other kids games and have never had a problem with any of them . now i have to figure out how to return this silly thing . 
dvd neg 557.txt like many of the reviewers here , i am an anne rice fan . however , i knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them . i mean , few of the " dracula " movies throughout the years have had anything to do with bram stoker 's novel . all i wanted - and expected - was a flashy , no substance guilty pleasure movie , a la " dracula 2000. " that alone should tell you my expectations . but qotd failed even as a guilty pleasure . the storyline did n't make a lot of sense when taken on it 's own , and the acting was bad to bland . i also take issue with the badly-done look of the vampires . rice 's vampires are supposed to be beautiful , whereas this bunch looked like eurotrash or people at a halloween spook house . however , one good thing about this movie is the music videos for lestat . since the videos are included on the dvd , it earns 1 star 
books pos 306.txt i saw the movie in a theater when it first came out . i was a teenager and , although i believed it to be primarily a girl 's movie , i did enjoy it . i 've seen it several times since then , and it still has not lost its charm . when i finally did read the book , i was disappointed that the movie did n't follow it more closely . to me , these are two different stories . the holly in the movie is likeable ; the novella 's holly is a harpie who cares for no one or nothing else . ( when my wife saw the movie , she remarked that holly was , " an idiot . " ) however , the book 's storyline is more interesting...more haunting , and the book 's ending is more intriguing . the movie ends as a love story . the book is much more . and , oh yes , whatever you may think of capote as an individual , the guy was a damn good writer 
music pos 74.txt i was waiting in anticipation for this cd to arrive and was not disapointed . etta is the bes 
books neg 948.txt i purchased this book at walmart , which rarely carries books regarding shambala or any other eastern ideology . it was cheap and on the clearance rack . i should have know better . when i realized this was part three in a series i decided to read the first two books , the celestine prophecy and the tenth insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one . after borrowing and reading the first two , i realized what a sham this series truly is . first , i realize they are supposed to be fictional . however , when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise , the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate . additionally , when usurping a mythical name such as shambala , one should know what the actual mythology entails , instead of making up one 's own notion of what is involed . shambala is not the same as shangri-la . shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century western culture . shambala is an ancient eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in redfield 's imagination . also , beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies . as joseph campbell said many times in his lectures and books , they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures , but they must never be mixed together . it just does n't work 
health neg 52.txt pedometer part is fine . radio part is useless 
music neg 989.txt oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers 
dvd pos 535.txt loved them all ... found victoria & amp ; albert and lorna doone a bit lacking . wondered about having more of the scarlet pimpernel offered - he 's so smooth ! tom jones is very special - loved sophie 's father , he truly made the film . as much as i liked him - hated lizzie 's mother in p & amp ; p - what a ninny ! this is a great collection , would have liked to see vanity fair and persuasion offered also 
music neg 442.txt most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle 
camera pos 715.txt i canceled this order because shipment was n't going to arrive in time for christmas 
camera pos 579.txt this case is extremely stylish , high grade leather , with a very strong magnetic closure and a useful belt clip . highly recommended for sony t10 and other camera models listed in description 
health neg 229.txt it does n't really smell like anything , and the heat creates dampness on what ever you put it on . but it is a good size and shape 
camera pos 188.txt the other day i used a friend 's standard digital camera for a little while . the whole time i found myself missing the manual zoom , instant response and convient manual buttons on my d50. this camera takes amazing pictures . as an dslr beginner i used the camera in auto mode for the first several weeks , now after reading some books on photography i 'm slowing starting to use the manual features . the d50 lets me choose the level of control that i 'm comfortable with , from full manual to full automatic ; and both options are just a turn of the dial away . the body of this camera is built like a tank . metal and high quality plastics abound . the buttons provide good feedback and the switches feel solid and durable . it is a beautiful piece of precision engineering 
books neg 216.txt hugh farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play bridge . his college-age daughter karen , her friend barbara , his lawyer son duke , his alcoholic wife grace , and house servant joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit . everyone scrambles to safety inside hugh 's modern bomb shelter . as the bombs fall and his wife is passed out , hugh starts up an affair with his daughter 's friend barbara , right in the shelter . as if hugh 's shallowness and arrogance was n't enough to turn you against the protagonist , this nauseating little scene will . when the shakes and quakes finally end , the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible , pristine , clean world . at first glance , it looks like utopia , but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race , imprisoned , and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves . somehow , hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in , so that he can be free with barbara . of all the apocalypse fiction , this book is the worst . the protagonist is so lowbrow , so arrogant , so unlikable , so self-centered , so shallow , so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest . he 's not even a " love to hate " person . the dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant , and barbara and hugh 's constant prattlings of " darling , dear , and beloved " do not fit the characters . neither does hugh 's occasional spouting of words like " shall " and " sha n't " along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the " n " word . there is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of hugh 's daughter and barbara 's friend karen , cannibalism , castration ( hugh cared more about his " boys " than he did his real children ) , pedophilia , racism , and $exual slavery , they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut . the entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it , as if the author himself did n't quite believe his story . and if he does n't believe , how can he expect the reader to ? overall , there is no depth or flavor in this story at all , other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight , as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door . i recommend avoiding this book . 
books neg 839.txt as a young woman i was appauled by gurian 's lack of respect for women as human beings.what makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.the resounding message is girls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.i do n't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be . i agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.gurian is a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.his book is full of agenda . 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
camera pos 629.txt i purchased this bag to carry my hp photosmart digital camera and photo printer along with , 100pk 4 " x 6 " photo paper , power cord and two chargers that each hold 4 aa batteries , and i still have room left . i 'm very pleased 
dvd pos 368.txt the is a tragic but very true to life depiction of the degradation caused by addiction to individuals , families , and society . the film is graphic in its depiction of addiction , but as an addiction counselor , who is an addict and alcoholic in recovery , it is very close to actual tragic events i have seen in the world of addiction . the emotionally disturbing events that take place in the lives of the main characters are exactly the very real things that addiction counselors are seeking to prevent . these events are the end of untreated or unchecked addiction for far too many . unfortunately , even though some of the content may be offensive to some , it is a starkly true depiction of what the reality for some addicts becomes . even though the film may leave one emotionally upset for a time , it is a worthwhile film to break through false pretenses about addiction 's final results and the glossing over of the degradation addiction can and does lead to in real life . watch and learn the truth about severe addiction 
music pos 364.txt as a fan of both celtic traditional and bluegrass music i was wary of a cd claiming to be a hybrid - too often it means an unsatisfactory compromise where original flavours become watered down and insipid . i need not have worried - tim o'brien has produced one of the most amazing and rewarding musical journeys i 've followed for some time . not only do the players from the two traditions blend instinctively and harmoniously but the tracks , mostly songs , are marvellous vehicles for new and exciting directions . there are superb performances all round , vocally from o'brien with guests paul brady , maura o'connell , kathhy mattea , del mccoury etc and musicians altan , frankie gavin , jerry douglas , earl scruggs , seamus egan and a host of others and the sound is fresh , acoustic and vital , requiring no production gimmicks or effects . standout songs for me personally are & quot ; mountaineer is always free&quot ; , & quot ; lost little children&quot ; , & quot ; wandering&quot ; and & quot ; john riley&quot ; although there is not a weak track on the cd . it is obvious that for tim o'brien this has been a labour of love . if you like acoustic music , from any tradition , either side of the atlantic , you 'll love it . several of my friends have bought it on my recommendation and agree it is brilliant 
books neg 558.txt i received my ph.d . in theoretical and applied mechanics from one of the best u.s. universities , and for more than thirty years was teaching and researching in the field of solid mechanics . before starting the reading of this book , i was in the agreeable mood with the author 's that machines can never be human , and that ai will retain ( if not forever ) for a very long time its name - unreal . but , now , i am dismayed . the author unsuccessfully used 450 pages full of topics in mathematics and physics to support his point of view , making simple topics sound difficult , and making diffcult ones look impossibble . the inclusion of his strange tilings is strange . all in all , the book does not make sense . moreover , his ' note to the reader ' ( which is patronizing , arrogant and deceiving ) , and his prologue and epilogue ( which are at best cynical ) should have warned me not to venture any further . i cannot help feeling sorry for myself and for several other readers ; and most of all , if this is the author 's usual way of communicating his ideas , for his students . luckily , i did not buy this book ; for one person , who could not stand reading through it , dared me to finish his unfinished endeavor 
software pos 463.txt i purchased this bible study set to use with my palm lifedrive . it works perfectly on this device . truly , it is exactly what i wanted . it should be noted that the niv bible - and the other translations in the set - obscure god 's name ( yhwh ) . this makes it easy for mainstream nominal christians to attribute jesus as being the almighty god - instead of being simply the only begotten son of the almighty god . but the translations are otherwise rather good - and the tools offered in this software set make it well worth the money . after all , god is a judge of hearts and intentions rather than the technical errors of man trying to understand him . jesus preached love of even our enemies rather than legalistic jargon . it would have been great if the set included an interlinear ( word for word translation ) of both old and new testaments . that would have been a very great addition ; but it would have doubled the cost . if such becomes available i will gladly pay the price 
camera neg 397.txt i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know 
dvd neg 522.txt this is about other people talking about richard pryor with a fe clips of pryor 
health neg 453.txt i 'm a fan of the line , i love the chocolate , but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting . vanilla should be subtle , this was more like taking a shot of extract . 
software neg 65.txt first of all , microsoft needs to come down on their prices ( not that this will ever happen ) . i build computers for a living , and i 'd say that 9 times out of 10 windows is the single most expensive piece of any pc i build . that being said , xp has come a long way . service pack 2 has done wonders for security . i also found it is the most stable version of windows i 've used to date . that 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . it still lets in it 's share of " germs " , stops responding from time to time ( hangs ) , and it 's very slow to shut down . the built-in cd writing software is terrible and remote desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . however , the biggest problem i 've had so far is with product activation . as a pc technician , i 'm always testing new parts . the most annoying problem i 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes ( let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory ) all within a certain period of time ( 180 days maybe ? ) windows makes you reactivate . this becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . it makes you call microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . then you have to read them a long number ( i think 41 digits ) and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . it 's driven me to the point of using windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing xp compatibility . overall , i feel that i paid too much for this operating system . 
camera pos 635.txt we just got this camera after much research . the camera is easy to use and we like it but frustrated that it does n't do some of what was advertised . for the most part tho for the price and all it is fine . just read all the directions and do n't be to disappointed if it does n't play your old 8 mm tapes and a few other things like that . i wrote to sony and they said that this model does n't do a few things . so main point here is read and read and know what it is . i liked the service we received thru amazon . no problems ther 
dvd pos 247.txt this dvd contains all of the original ben stiller show episodes , plus an extra un-aired episode . the show was not only far ahead of its time , but also timeless as is evidenced by stiller 's subsequent successful movie roles that drew from many of the characters from the tv series . for anyone who was a fan of the tv series or stiller 's movies , this dvd is a must 
health neg 663.txt plain and simple i 'm 32 years old and been dianosed with hbp since 15 years old . i 'm on three medication for hbp . i order this then i wait for it to come . i jjust happen to go to the doctor today , he takes my pressure and tells me its 113 / 100. when i arrive home one hour later , the device is waiting for me . i plug it up and it tells me my pressure is 101 / 75. sending the unit back 
camera pos 592.txt the gs150 's performance is as-advertised . terrific colour rendering , thanks to its 3-chip configuration . the camera also has the option of full manual control of standard settings , making it even more usable . love the joystick ! still find it hard to believe that panasonic has managed to fit all of this performance into such a small package . final score : engineering 1 , customer service 0 early production runs of this camera seem to have a shielding problem , which causes faint , red , horizontal bands to appear when recording in very low light conditions . despite the fact this has been widely ( if unofficially ) reported by gs150 owners around the world , these same owners have noted that panasonic customer service generally denies that the problem exists . thankfully , the problem is easily repaired by a certified technician . better still , gs150 owners seem to have collectively deciphered that units manufactured from september 2005 onward are alright . look for cameras with serial numbers beginning with ' h5 ' or higher . you can also read all about this at pana3ccduser dot com 
camera pos 916.txt the part is definitely up to nikon 's awesome standards . i bought it for future use , as i do n't currently have the lens yet , but when the price becomes affordable i will purchase it too 
software pos 231.txt i 've been looking at buying this collection for some time now and i finally broke down and bought it . very pleased with everything included . lots of stuff to use , and not just cheezy clip art - lots of boarders , symbols , brush strokes , etc. the bundle that i bought contained 1 wrong disc ( disc 3 was actually disc 30 ) - one phone call and a new one was sent to my house no questions asked . 
dvd pos 809.txt hey...this is a great dvd with great packaging- -definitely one of the best that i 've seen , and there is a lot of extras . definitely a must-have for he-man and she-ra fans ! i just got an e-mail stating that the distributor of he-man will be releasing she-ra on dvd , starting july 11. that release will be " the secret of the sword " and five other episodes deemed most popular by fans . after that , in the fall they will release the complete 93 episodes in three separate volumes within the next 12 months . for anyone who wants to see for themselves , go to tvshowsondvd.com and look at the news for she-ra . i hope you are as excited as i am 
health pos 807.txt i was suffering from intense neck and shoulder pain before i started using this pillow . when i started sleeping on it a couple of months ago , the pain was gone after the first night , and it has n't come back since then . it supports my neck perfectly . i highly recommend 
books neg 42.txt though this book does present all the necessary information for learning about abnormal psychology , it 's the dryest , most aesthetically difficult to read textbook.. . especially if you happen to be studying the material online / through independent study . the publisher needs to redesign the book and / or you need to have a better online course professor . it feels nearly impossible to be interested in this material ( which is interesting in itself ) if you have to read the textbook front to back on your own without any instruction . 
music neg 107.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
health neg 67.txt i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases . 
camera pos 375.txt better than a photo album for showing off a series of pictures . buttons are fairly intuitive , instructions are understandable , and there 's nothing like being the " first kid on the block " with a new toy . getting all sorts of comments about my picture show 
music pos 419.txt sony / legacy does a fine job with this compilation , but it could 've been much better imo ! ! here 's what i did to improve this cd ( fans can do the same thing ! ! there 's enough cd space available ! ) ... include the full length vesrion of ' encore ' ( the single mix has to go ! ) , and add the following rare bonus tracks.. . 16. ' at last you 're mine ' ( fr . 'heavenly bodies ' sdtk 1985 ) 17. ' steppin ' into the night ' ( fr . 'armed & dangerous ' sdtk 1986 ) . the single version of ' got to be real ' is fine because it includes cheryl 's trademark " soo-hoo , soo-hoo " vocal break that 's absent on the longer album version . all in all , i 'd recommend this cd to anybody that wants the best cheryl lynn compilation , but serious fans will want more ! ! ' the best of cheryl lynn , vol.2 ' has been long overdue for years , but you may have to make that one yourself until rhino does the job ! peace , sd ( of ' chaka 's world ' ) 
software pos 584.txt it 's exactly what i wanted to buy : complete collection of ultimate x-men . i do n't mind scrolling up and down on my laptop in order to see the whole picture . the ads were kind of annoying though . i just hope marvel puts all the other x-men series on cds like this 
software pos 644.txt how can doing taxes get any easier ? this is my fifth year using turbo tax and i think each year gets easier and faster . i love the way my information from the previous year is brought forward and the ability to e-file is just a click away . i ca n't imagine using any other program 
books pos 370.txt this book is truly lovely- -about finding friendship in the most unexpected of places . i cannot imagine anyone not enjoying it immensely ( and you wo n't get tired of reading it to your kids either ) 
books pos 768.txt this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner . 
health neg 904.txt very simple review - the hair dryer worked fine for a little over a month , then it didn't . save your box if you buy this , you may need to return it 
dvd neg 798.txt ...but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time 
camera neg 690.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap 
health pos 524.txt hi , i 'm not a " review " person , but when i read the existing reviews , i felt like doing this . i used this product for 2 months and i must tell you that it really works ! i 'm hispanic-black woman ( dominican ) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally , but only neck-chin lenght , no further than that . with this product i achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght . i bought again the product to see how longer it can grows ! ! ! i 've been completely sincere with you...i 'm not a staffer of this product company , i 'm a real and very happy user ! ! ! hope this comment will be helpful for other women . i have only one last thing to say : try it ! ! ! ! it worked for me. . 
health neg 215.txt this product does not do what it advertises . does not work at all on my facial hai 
health pos 555.txt clic eyewear is a thoroughly convenient way to wear reading glasses . i keep them with me hung around my neck all the time . the glasses are made well . almost every person who sees me click them together wants to know where i got them 
camera pos 100.txt this battery is backwards compatible with the d50 , d70 / 70s , and is used in the d80 and d200. so if you have any nikon dslr and want a second battery , you want to get this one so that when you upgrade your camera you can use the battery . this battery has built-in circuitry that tells you the actual charge status of the battery , and it is accurate . this is a big deal ; *if you are using the d200 or d80* it lets you know when your really do need to switch batteries or charge up . this is the first battery i 've seen that is accurate in this regard . kudos to nikon . ( this feature does not work in the d50 / 70 / 70s but the battery otherwise works fine ) 
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace . 
dvd neg 497.txt damn . there 's nothing remarkable about the second item on this dvd ; it 's your standard european-made sexploitation film . " the wild , wild world of jayne mansfield , " on the other hand , is reprehensible . it 's a hodge-podge of vacation footage of mansfield , clips from her movie project , and material entirely unrelated to mansfield , linked only by the voiceover.. . and then , after an hour or so of light-hearted softcore buffoonery , the movie cuts to her death , spending the last twenty minutes obsessing on her husband and children and the large , mostly empty mansion she has left behind . this movie has the feel of something slapped together for the sole purpose of trading off a famous name after mansfield 's death . this is exploitation in its worst form . i found the sudden change in tone , the large volume of non-mansfield material , and the sheer obsessiveness of the last twenty minutes disgusting in the extreme . those looking for cheesy bad movies to enjoy , or softcore porn to tittilate , go elsewhere ; this one is not merely bad , but evil 
books neg 34.txt one of the blurbs i read on the book jacket compared this book to into thin air and the perfect storm . no way ! . those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences . this account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring . the action does n't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then , the cliched writing and deification of balf 's subjects make this book very hard to get through . unless you are a serious kayaking fan , i would not recommend this book 
music pos 640.txt we bought this - on cassette - in washington dc on our first day of honeymoon in september 1997. having flown from northern ireland , it provided us with the perfect honeymoon soundtrack as we drove from washington to nashville , along the skyline drive , down through south west virginia , across eastern kentucky to berea , and down to smoky mountains national park in tennessee . we are from an ulster-scots / scotch-irish background , and during those three weeks we fell in love with the land that our forebears had settled in so many centuries before , bringing thier fiddles and folk songs with them , creating what was the core of mountain old-time music and bluegrass . from the carter family right through , every song is a classic . you must buy this 
music neg 433.txt bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums 
software neg 860.txt thought the cards would be like broderbund 's american gretings creatacard platinum 8 software but it was not and i did not like what i got . 
software neg 10.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable 
software neg 119.txt the description of this product on the amazon site does not match what i received . like another reviewer mentioned , the product was actually shipped from the uk so it took longer , and several features listed as being in the product are not there , specifically , exporting / saving of loops is not allowed , and there is no library of 1000+ loops included either . it seems to me to be basically like a demo version . also , even though it was advertised as being new in the box , all i got was what looks like a ( used ) cd with no manual or cd key - so much for upgrading later ! i am returning it . the sku should be removed from amazon or the description should be changed to fit what is actually being sent out 
health neg 627.txt perhaps these other people had bought the product before they lowered the quality . my experience with this product is that it does not cut hardly at all . i threw the item in the trash and bought a conair at kmart which surprisly worked about 20 times better . my recommendation is do not buy 
software pos 387.txt we bought it 1 month ago to help my almost 6 year 's old sun to learn how to play because i did n't know how to play and i could n't teach him . as a result of this purchase 1 ) my sun fall in love with chess and become so good player that i could n't imagine 2 ) i ( his mom ) learned how to play too . it is so much fun to learn it that i would recommend it to anybody . it worth it every penny i spent . i like everything about this game . kids will love it 100%. 
software neg 79.txt i do not like software . it always hang no matter what i did . maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? i had many many photos in my computer . 
dvd neg 517.txt this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down 
health pos 35.txt i have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and i find it to be accurate , but it takes a while for it to give a reading . the first few times i used it , it took over a minute to tell me my pulse . however , the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster . so far , this is true , as within the last 3 days , i have received readings within 10 seconds consistently . considering the price , it was a good purchase 
books neg 581.txt written in cartoon format , i thought this book would be a lighter approach to a straight , dry , biography of scientists . however , it is written more like a series of political cartoons than cartoons for kids . the cartoons are barely understandable if the biography of the scientist is not already known , so using it as an initial reading is impossible . further , some content is offensive . on the second page of cartoons , a scientist is walking along a bridge , thinking , when someone mistakenly believes he is getting ready to jump , saying , " no woman is worth committing suicide over . " the pictures show a scantily-clad woman ( with bare bottom in one frame ) that he is now picturing in his mind . irrelevant and inappropriate ! plus , i did n't have to go far to find swear words in the captions . yikes ! my kids will never see this book ! it is not even appropriate for high-school age kids . ( in fact , it is n't even funny to adults ! 
dvd neg 31.txt this product was a bad choice for me . it was a poorly done product . it was washed out , the quality , both audio and video was terrible . it was not enjoyable to watch . the packaging was cheap quality . i should have known better . pay more and get a nice set , and a better product . do n't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy . paper sleeves make for a cheap copy . 
health pos 406.txt i do n't know if it makes your hair shiny or not ( i never noticed increased shine ) however , i do think it does it does a nice job . it worked better when my hair was around shoulder length , but it puts a nice curl in your hair and as long as it 's not too humid out , it stays in . now that my hair is down to my waist , it does n't hold curl anymore . just a little on the ends and if it 's even a little humid , forget it . the main thing that bothers me about this set is the clips that hold the rollers in . i do n't know what they were thinking , but they really suck . they pull on your hair a little while they 're holding the roller in and make you look an awful lot like madusa . anyone who happens to see you will most certainly have a few jokes and laughs 
software pos 267.txt the price was the best i could find . ordering was hassle free and delivery was fast 
health neg 387.txt i got this curler set , and i completely regret it ! i used it once , and i wont touch it again ! it left my hair frizzy , and there was a bump from where the clamps were . it took me 3x as long to get fix my hair as it did to put it in the curlers and wait for it to cool down . i would n't even give it one star...take my advice - do not buy this ! 
dvd pos 714.txt hard to believe it took me until now ( february 2007 ) to finally see this excellent movie and witness the brutal language and the violent gun shootings that made scarface so popular and award-deserving back in the early 80's . i loved this movie . it really delivers with the action and the characters are all interesting , especially tony montana . a movie that deserves to be as lengthy as it is ( over 2 hours ) . everyone must see scarface at least once in their lifetime . it wo n't disappoint . the ending gave me goosebumps it was *that* good and intense . watch it now 
health neg 365.txt and i am not just talking about weight loss products . i took one pill....one pill ! within a few minutes , i was curled up around the toilet crying because i needed to throw up so badly but i couldn't . i had n't drunk anything but one glass of water with it , and yet , i was peeing all day . i was nauseus....my fiancee stayed home with me all day to take care of me . i did n't want to move , but i would have to go to the bathroom to pee , and would carry around a trash can with me just in case i finally could throw up . i would not wish these symptoms on anyone , not even my worst enemy . that was probably the worst sickness i have ever had 
dvd neg 485.txt solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc 
health neg 479.txt i thought buying a item with a well known name as this would be great . i would have hoped the price would even out my possible satisfaction for this product . also i loved the pink . when i opened the box the plates on the flat iron were hanging off . i tried to snap them into place but they would not stay . for the amount of money i payed i expected a much better product . needless to say i returned it the next day . 
music pos 446.txt building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album . 
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever . 
software pos 83.txt my dad got this for me to supplement a latin textbook i have been studying for my high school language course . it is quick and easily understandable . you get plenty of words and phrases , which is perfect for a traveler . if you want to learn the language for the sake of knowing it , not travel , however , you 'd better get a book to supplement this . it does n't teach about pluralization , verb conjugation , or other oddities that the language holds , such as , in latin , the ending -m which implies a direct object . the latin cd also does not use the dashes over the vowels , which may or may not be necessary , i do n't know . overall , i am very happy with the product and with the price of $39.99 ( usd ) , but i am also quite glad i have my textbook ( ecce romani ) to go with it 
health pos 126.txt my grandfather found a vial of old spice in his navy kit when he joined in 1943. he continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age . i began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious : old spice is conservative and masculine , distinct and time-honored . it 's not a trend ; it 's a statement of manhood . if proctor & amp ; gamble obliges , my own grandkids will be using it 
software neg 507.txt this software does not come close to the once-upon-a =-time quality of adobe products . it is shot full of bugs overall . not only does it cause your photoshop system to quit working , it affects your entire mac operating system . adobe knows this is true because they try to cover up with a several page discussion about how operating systems , not lightroom , can cause problems . their approach of blaming someone else is shameful . the design of the product is marginal ; almost impossible to read the dark grey print on black backgrounds . it is slower than anything i have ever seen . i could go on and on but it only raises my blood pressure . i have spent the entire weekend fixing the computer programs broken by this " half done " system. . if you buy it , you will waste a lot of time like i did . the software is going back to amazon tomorrow morning . amazon , shame on you for selling such a poor product . 
music neg 693.txt when i played the first composition on this cd , i started thinking that perhaps i had purchased a really stellar cd because the first song was really jumping . but after that , this cd is disapointing to me . there are maybe three pretty good compositions with the rest being totally unmemorable . with the three good cuts from this disc and a few from her first cd , joyce cooling could have made one good cd . but , in my opinion , there are n't enough good songs here to warrant a release of this cd . joyce certainly has potential , but she needs to work on her creativity . she sound here like an artist still maturing in style 
health pos 345.txt i bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair . it works great ! i gotta admit , it 's just big enough for my head and i have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the " extra large " size towel ( which is n't really all that large . 
dvd pos 739.txt this is a good introduction to many off the beaten paths of america . in fact , the real star of the show , asie from the ubiquitous red ford taurus , is the scenery of america itself . the camera and narrator takes the viewers to many places that have unique characteristics . unfortunately there is no interaction with the locals so we do not get a truely complete coverage of each scene , but the point of the series is to give a " reader 's digest " view of places people can visit . but excellent photography and the knack for finding out of the way events are the hallmark of this series . each " trip " is actually a roundabout path that is really serveral " family vacations " combined into a one hour program . this is a great cure for cabin fever in the midst of a winter snowstorm 
books pos 347.txt the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) . what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them . the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service . the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives . nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality 
books neg 270.txt yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this - - read real books and buy real art instead 
software pos 946.txt i think this is actually a very good os . there are a lot of new features and home premium appears to be the best vista os for the money . i purhased a new pc with this os and have really found no compelling reason to upgrade to ultimate for $150. only legitimate gripe concerns drivers for non-microsoft products . not excatly sure why this is microsoft 's problem though . regardless , this os is the smart choice for a new pc for home use . accept a minimum required graphics and audio card until suppliers catch up with this new os . then upgrade . otherwise , wait till you need a new pc 
books pos 233.txt i loved this book . i really am into those old school ways for children and this is the book . i think we need to discipline this generation the way our parents did us . if your are a fan of dr. dobson you will like bates too . i feel everyone could benefit from this book especially our children 
software neg 620.txt i have used mcafee for at least 5 years . this 2007 suite is a piece of trash . i takes soooooo long to find a site that if it eventually finds it you forget what you were looking for . at half the sites , if they are found , it will not allow me to progress into the site . in setting it up it insisted upon registering but never did tell me if the registration was completed ; just kept blinking . i assume it was registered because it did update . i cannot get into half the sites i visit on a regular basis . it wo n't even find the mcafee site . just sits there searching until it gives me a notice it ca n't find the site . never will i buy another piece of software from mcafee . i should have read the reviews before i bought it but i had been satisfed with the previous version so i never bothered reading them . dumb move on my part . dumb one on yours if you buy it . never again . 
music pos 209.txt this might be the best cd that has come out this year . it may be will oldham 's best cd since " viva last blues . " it may be better than " viva last blues " although these are two different styled cds . " the letting go " has a mostly very mellow sound . almost every song is beautiful . the string and guitar melodies are uplifting . will oldham 's voice is grounding , it is the familiar voice you have heard for the past decade or so . dawn mccarthy 's voice will then again lift you up . mccarthy 's voice is a fantastic companion to oldham's . other singers / bands have tried to use a female voice to echo or accompany the lead vocal and it has often become irritating . this is not the case with " the letting go , " mccarthy 's accompaniment adds so much to the album but without taking away from oldham . i have n't listened to a will oldham album since " ease down the road . " this makes me want to go back and listen to those albums i have missed . one song in particular , " the seedling " ( i believe ) has a different sound than the rest of the album . it has a harsher sound , but is still a good song . this is a great introduction if you are new to oldham or if you are returning listener . 
books pos 894.txt as someone who was arrested amd jailed and deported from japan due to a fear of flying phobia that the japanese government refused or could not comprehend , i find dupont 's book an important addition to helping the public understand and deal with such phobias . i still do n't like to fly , even after my 1983 accident , but dupont 's book helped me better understand my condition . a very important book . i hope it finds a japanese publisher , too 
books neg 739.txt we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book 
music pos 116.txt need to say more ? this is one of the most beautiful and honest records western popular music ever seen . she sings beauty , so lovely , as some fairy enchanting gnomes in a huge yet peaceful forest , away from the horrors of humanity . that alien feeling you 'll get it since its first five seconds and it will lasts till the end . druids of the world unite 
health pos 469.txt i own this unit for more than a year . bought it in the local drug store for $20. first unit was bad , displaying low battary error . i exchanged it same day for another one . i compared readings with traditional thermometers and found it to be very accurate , fast , and can show in both c and f . the best i 've ever had . the case is bad - lock broke in a week 
software pos 156.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
health neg 434.txt had to return this b / p cuff . could not get it to work properly . medical devices need to be made a great deal better than this one. . 
camera neg 320.txt " lens error , restart camera " message appears today ( mar 26 ) after buying production on amazon on feb 20 , 07. when i searched google for this error message saw thousands of canon users having similar error / e18 error with older and newer version of the canon . i have tried panasonic and sonys before and never had an issue . i dread that canon customer service is going to waste my hours in getting a replacement and ultimately may end up charging me over a 100 for repairs like they have done to other users ( after reading user feedback on web ) 
books neg 410.txt i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back 
books pos 666.txt this unusual love story , set with the background of war and rainy london is beautiful and intoxicating . the characters are palpable and beautiful both in their strengths and thoughts . an engrossing book ( i could n't put it down , yet i dreaded the end ) that should be read by anyone in search of beauty or life 
camera pos 43.txt the case opens partially on the side to allow removal of the camera only . then after unclicking the fasteners you can unzip the rest of the case to allow for access to lenses . it makes it easy if you only want to remove the camera . you can swing the bag around while wearing it and pull the camera out without taking off the pack . my digital rebel xt fits with the canon battery grip and my macro lens attached , however it would not fit with my 200mm lens attached . my canon speedlight flash did not fit well in the lense section but fits perfectly in the separate section at the top portion of the bag . the lenses all fit nicely allowing for several lenses depending on the size of them . i bought a regular lowepro camera bag , but found that it was awkward to place the camera in with lens attached . this bag is designed to have the camera with a lens . if you search google images for the lowepro slingshot 200 you will see what i mean about the side unzipping to allow the camera removal . 
music neg 839.txt ...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace ! 
software neg 237.txt i do n't have a problem with the software . it pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . before i start this tirade , i should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . but they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service ( please , read on ) . the customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . ( 1 ) they want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription ! ! ( 2 ) they do not send receipts ! ! i help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . the only receipt i could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an hp1200 ( duh ! ! ) . what is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! if you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . have they every heard of a " paper trail " . well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . i will start looking for an alternative to intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles . 
dvd neg 763.txt if you have not read the book , then this movie may intrigue you . it is quirky and interesting to say the least . as a storyline it does not lack imagination . from maine to vienna to nyc and back to maine , from the jew-hating german tourists to the radicals and the [...] , from one hotel new hampshire to another , the dreams of a father and his colourful family unfold in a series of bizarre and at times disturbing events . and life appears to be a fairy tale that we live as we chase our dreams . now , in relation to the actual book , this movie can be described with just one word : rushed . the adaptation is so faithful that it tries to cover almost everything , all characters and all events , thereby failing miserably to project the sentiment behind the eccentric story of this highly unusual family . i could go on and on about how the accurate quotes from the original text fall flat on a screenplay that comes across truncated and patched together clumsily , how the scenes lack emotional depth , how the characters are not given enough time to be adequately developed.. . but i will instead characterise the whole attempt as noble but short . if the book was a long wave-like function , with a rise to a crest , then a drop followed by a building surge and another rise to another crest , over and over and over again , then the movie was just a cross-section of the top parts of this rollercoaster of a wave-like function , shaving off all the crests and placing them in a two hour blender , where they were shaken and served to please god knows what . surely not the potential of this fascinatingly bizarre book , nor its undercurrent and extremely subtle magical tone . and it was not for lack of effort . it was for lack of realism on how to put on screen a highly bizzare story in a way that flows smoothly rather than jump spastically between scenes . a mini series would have worked much better for such a faithful adaptation . either that or a more free-flowing interpretation that could possibly make sense within the 120 minutes that are usually allocated to a motion picture . thank god for jodie foster 's and beau bridges 's performances , who bring fanny and win berry to life . keep passing the open windows and read the book for a much richer and meaningful experience . as far as this movie is concerned , just toss it out as far as you can . and if you are to keep it , then do so to remind yourselves of how to not adapt a great book onto the screen . this is the only reason why i keep mine 
music neg 247.txt the music on this album is performed so exquisitely ; the orchestrations so subtle and yet illuminating , that one is almost tempted to forget what a " what for ? " musical this is . donna murphy plays the title character of fosca , a hugely unprepossessing woman who suffers from more maladies than there are stars in the sky . she lives in a remote miltary outpost where she falls in love with the handsome , virile giorgio . giorgio in turn is having a torrid affair with the beautiful , but vapid clara , a married woman back home . however from the time giorgio comes into fosca 's sphere , she becomes this relentless succubus in her pursuit of him . she shows up everywhere he happens to be ; her ferocity matched only by her inexhaustive capacity for self-pity . to depict fosca musically , sondheim comes up with the most monochromatic score of his career . everything is so lugubrious , dark , portentous , tragic ; punctuated by militaristic strains ( with snare drums ) because the soldiers like to...umm...march . in the end , giorgio is worn down enough by fosca 's attentions that he succumbs . he believes he has fallen in love with her , shortly after which she...dies . as i mentioned earlier , the material is beautifully performed ( marin mazzie and jere shea render the opening " happiness " with a marvelous sense of delicacy and sensuality . donna murphy evokes the proper pathos in the haunting " loving you . " ) , but you come away wondering what the point of it all is . if sondheim is trying to show us how love is largely a chronic disease , then he succeeds admirably 
health pos 628.txt i 've had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now . it does its jobs , and i 've have no reliability problems at all . one word of advice - - do n't use it on " the boys " without the little plastic guard or you 'll be sorry. . 
health neg 348.txt i have a honeywell humidifier that is on my personal top 10 " must have " items . i figure with these cartridges the performance could only improve . i was wrong . there is no improvement in the cleanliness of the tank or the filter area . the water actually smells funny with the cartridge in . plus , i have noticed that the little beads inside fall out , and are reported to be harmful to pets and animals . they 're so little it 's hard to see them . not a huge deal to me , but i 'm sure it could pose a problem to someone . all in all , i would rather purchase purified water , or get a water filter for my sink for the water to use in the humidifier than use these , since there is no real difference . 
books neg 688.txt this breviary is disappointing to traditional catholics ! novus ordo catholics will be right at home with this but if you are a traditional orthodox catholic who favors the roman rite and who has been traumatized by the profanations inflicted by iconaclastic innovations , this is the same ole same ole vatican ii " stuff . " 
dvd pos 636.txt i 'm probably going to invest in a re-order of this dvd collection , because i simply have worn this one out . from the " they call it pro football " opening to final gun of super bowl x , this collection grips your attention and never lets go . the writing is superb - i especially like nfl 68 ' - and the highlights.. . well , it was when pro football was pro football . it was interesting watching teams endure psychological hardships , as was the case with the dallas cowboys of the late 60's - early 70's . " next year 's champions " were the epitome of resiliency . " the championship chase " was a pure joy to view . if ever there was a peak in john facenda 's narrative career with nfl films , this was it ; though in the alternative , i loved his voice-overs in super bowls iii , iv , vii , and ix . ed and steve sabol really hit the bulleye with blair motion pictures . i would have loved to see more afl highlights , but that 's just nit-picking . great job ! ! ! 
dvd neg 33.txt i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands 
music pos 600.txt in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the " 20th anniversary " production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza 's ever captured on disc , and ian richardson 's performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza 's dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers " with a little bit of luck " and " get me to the church on time " . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome " on the street where you live " . this recording also features the " embassy waltz " sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith 's sets and cecil beaton 's costumes . hanya holm 's choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of " oklahoma ! " in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway 's ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of " on your toes " ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn 's flawed " scarlet pimpernel " ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady 
dvd neg 736.txt ooo ! see halle act . act , halle , act . emote . emote . see halle act drunk . see halle act crying . see halle act nympho . act , halle , act . can someone explain to me how the senior prison guard on death row and a woman whos been visiting her husband there for 11 years never managed to see one another before he ordered chocolate ice cream with a plastic spoon ? but what does it matter , since we get to see halle act ? act , halle , act ! 
software pos 235.txt great program but the fact that you ca n't lock the toolbar into place leads to major amounts of time wasted . homesite kind of peaked at version 3 when it was run by alaire 
camera neg 420.txt like others , mine will review pictures but shuts off almost immediately when in i turn it on in still mode . bought in december 2005 , it is now not working . it is scandalous that so many of us have the same issue and sony is not addressing it . sony should be forced to recall these cameras . 
health neg 111.txt oprah winfrey and kevin costner the leading medical researchers in america think this is a great break through . well gee , if they like it you must too . there is no scientific basis other than the nice school teachers " guarantee " that this works . after you pay 5-6 bucks for some fizzing tablets that taste kind of good you might think something is happening . well it probably is , in your psyche . if that and kevin costner testimonials do it for you then go ahead . ca n't seem to find the " guarantee " on their web site other than they will do their darndest to improve the product and you 'll be the first to benefit 
camera neg 38.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200. 
dvd neg 600.txt $23 for the chinese version and the english subtitles are mad . the english subtitles available on american cable television enhance the drama so tape off of cable . i do n't regret this purchase because i think drama sets should be $25 tops and the camera is so clear on this dvd compared to what is seen on american cable that you can really see how old the teenagers are . it made for a more enjoyable viewing experience for me when i did n't really care for it when it was mistier and flawless on cable . so what if there are a lot of matching fat scarves and sweaters in this series ? i do n't get the appeal of this show at all . i thought it was really slow . my favorite part was a barfing drunk girl in the background of one scene but otherwise i felt my hair turning white watching the characters walk and walk , breath in , breathe out , and ponder ponder . i think the phenomenon of the show 's popularity is a tidge more interesting than the show but it is still boring boring boring . just thinking about this show , strips another layer of elasticity from my heart . it 's so boring . p.s. this drama got a 20% rating domestically but sam soon and jang geum scored 50%. hahaha 
music neg 501.txt well i 'll explain that later . she uses her own vocals . she does n't even have the balls to let the artists who rework the song use their own vocals.i love how the editoral review uses the term " unique vocal talent " . yoko has no vocal talents . i must also point out i am courtney love 's number one fan , so this should give me even more cred . it just proves how narcissistic and disgusting yoko is that she wo n't let other artists do an album using their own vox . she loves the sound of her own too much ! i already went through that stage where i made everyone listen her as a joke . i was about 14 then . my point here , this is n't even a good joke . its just dumb . i listened to the song clips provided on amazon . even that was too much . if you must , just download this album for free . do not buy it . do not in any way support this woman . i wish there was a zero star rating . 
software neg 49.txt this product offers much to chose from and i really liked the photos . however , i have yet to get this program to work right . i am able to view the photos but when i go into the the export wizard to save the photos , the photo has a transparency over the top of it , instead of in the background . i tried bypassing the export wizard by right clicking on the selected photo and saving . this also inserts the transparency over the photo . i called hemera in canada and they instructed me to call encore usa in ca for support . encore usa said they could n't help me . encore 's technical support is " limited to crashes , error messages and lockups " . i also referred to their website hoping to find help in the knowledge base or faq's . there was very little about this software and no help to be found . i wasted my money on a product i ca n't use and that offers no support for issues out of my control . 
books neg 421.txt save your time , money and patience . this may be the worst book i have read since the equally monotonous , predictable stone barrington novel " the short forever " . wow , this one stinks . like others , i put up with the shallow characters , ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers , boobs and guns to figure out whodunit . unfortunately , this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid . who on earth did kill vance ? and come to think of it , who gives a damn ? i do n't what women did to stuart woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt . every female character , save for isabel the maid , felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero . each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb , vacuous , self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic ! the only normal female character who spared stone , mary ann , unfortunately has a room temperature iq . i am hardly a prude , but i lost count of how many women either vance or stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth . mr. woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than i thought 
music neg 585.txt i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that " appreciate " unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects " ooh " ed and " ah " ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them 
dvd pos 812.txt season four is excellent , ca n't wait for the release of season five 
dvd neg 532.txt while " scary movie 4 " does work in getting out a couple of laughs , it certainly does not live up to the past three . many of the jokes that were used are redundant and frankly , are getting pretty old . although this movie had a lot of different material to work with such as the grudge , saw , and war of the worlds , it misses the funny mark just by a bit . personally , i felt they could have done a lot more in terms of parodying these films , particularily with the grudge . the writers should have taken more advantage of the content they had to spoof in order to have made this film a lot more funnier . and really , was it necessary to spoof films such as brokeback mountain and millionaire dollar baby , both of which are not horror films ? i believe the comedy in this film is aimed towards a more mature audience , and is vastly different from what scary movies 1 & 2 offered ( which i found to be extremely hilarious ) . if you 're looking for over the top funny , look towards the other scary movies 
camera pos 271.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
health neg 206.txt the foil is abrasive and can cause razor bumps . also the shave is not close and will missed areas around my rear jaw line that my remington gets fairly easily . overrated and overpriced eurotrash . 
books pos 235.txt i would agree with the translator that imitation of christ ranks very close to the bible . i read it over and over . it is shocking clear and concise . it forces you to examine your conscience and admit that you are a sinner and encourages you not to be afraid to carry your cross and aim , yes , to be a saint . thomas a kempis 's words cut to the heart and ring true over and over . in the normal state of human depravity , deception , duplicity , relativism , and excuse-making no one could write such a book without a transcendant , almighty , omniscient , omnipresent and infinitely merciful lord . each chapter feeds the hungry and thirsty soul and feeds the fire to seek our lord more and more . i wait patiently for your return lord jesus for your judgement and the new heavan and earth 
music pos 634.txt ok ( i imagine there 's still drool over my & quot ; earlier&quot ; review...and my wife is none too pleased either.. . ) truth or dare time ! i bought this cd out of none-too-scientifical curiousity , that , and & quot ; let me blow ya mind&quot ; - and guess what ? i 'm beginnin ' to dig the entire cd . as i mentioned , 99 & amp ; 44 / 100th% of & quot ; rap music&quot ; fully explains to me what gregg allman meant when he sang , & quot ; it 's not my cross to bear . &quot ; ok , that being said , eve pulls no punches ( although the & quot ; skits&quot ; on the thing about wet myself laughing ) , and she 's not a lady whom 'd i 'd like to cross . but & quot ; i bought the ticket , so i 'm gonna take th ' ride . &quot ; and enjoy myself mightily while doing so. . 
health pos 478.txt i 've had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the " tape " on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he 's older , i do n't have to change him , because he does n't go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n't look like they are always sagging like other diapers 
dvd pos 311.txt actually i felt i was in love with this film as soon as i saw the very beginning - the opening credits against the background of chicago seen from high above and provided with beautiful music . " candyman " could have become another teenage urban legend flick with not much of a sense , but bernard rose managed to squeeze everything possible from the story making a brilliant , enchanting and spellbinding film out of it . if you 're interested mostly in gore and some physical manifestations of horror you wo n't find it here ( you will , but not in quantities you used to ) . " candyman " is more of a psychological horror where atmosphere is what 's important , where mood is what matters , where you are given some food for thought . i do n't have enough words to describe the whole perfection of this gorgeous film , i can only say it 's a great achievement of bernard rose as a director besides i guess tony todd , virginia madsen and xander berkeley had their best roles played in this feature . i do n't personally think that 90s were fertile regarding the horror genre , but " candyman " is a true gem which would n't be lost among the greatest horror titles of all times . by the way if you do n't want to spoil your impression of the film , better do n't watch " candyman " parts 2 and 3. they are the average tenage urban legend flicks . 
health pos 283.txt i use these glasses all the time at work . they sure are handy . glad i bought them 
dvd pos 593.txt i really liked this movie . i thought it was a great super hero movie that had some humor built into it . it was well told and the characters were well developed . the special effects were great too ! ! i am not one for comic book heros , but this one confinced me otherwise . i recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a good over evil story that was orginally a comic book character . 
camera pos 51.txt this is a good tool , does the job well , and serves the purpose , but is a little overpriced and canon keeps changing connectors , forcing us to buy new accessories which is a wrong practice against the consumer . i give a 4 star because of canon , not because of the product . if you are willing to pay for it , it 's a good product . 
books pos 638.txt i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son 
music neg 527.txt this soundtrack does not have all the songs in it from the movie . i was looking for two from the movie , and the soundtrack did not have them . like , a song by michelle branch that is in the movie is not in there . bo 
books pos 329.txt this book is one of the best on understanding dogs and also for training them . our daughter dr. shannon dominguez dch who is head of the maui animal therapy program - - - highly recommends this book . [...] she has trained therapy dogs in a short time using these methods . we have adopted two little terriers from shelter and they are respondeing beautifully to the day by day suggestions on how to train young as well as old dogs and we would say these methods would work on children : - ) as well ! ! 
dvd pos 301.txt sound of music 40th anniversary edition ( fox ) is the latest digital version of this beloved , timeless , film . the two-disc set features an exceptionally sharp transfer and a rich audio mix but the real treat is the new commentary with julie andrews and christopher plummer ( this in addition to the late robert wise 's commentary ) . among the wealth of new treasures in the six hours of extras is on location footage , screen tests ( mia farrow sings ) and a wonderful retrospective documentary " my favorite things : julie andrews remembers . " sound of music is perfect in all departments . it 's also that rare musical in which the music itself is naturally integral to the story and a counterpoint to the nazi threat of the true-life plot . until hi-def dvds arrive , this is the definitive edition for the library . rated : g . genre : musical . 2 hours , 56 minutes . starring : julie andrews , christopher plummer . director : robert wise 
books pos 305.txt set in venice at the end of world war ii , hemingway tells a romantic and touching story of the love affair between a gruff 50 year old american colonel and renata , a young and very pretty italian contessa . loss is a recurring theme- -the death of many of the colonel 's subordinates in combat , the break-up of his earlier marriage to a career woman , and the severe injury to one of the colonel 's hands from which he suffers constant pain . the colonel may also be dying and his time left with his young lover may be very short . what gives the novel so much poignancy and resonance is the great devotion renata and the colonel have for one another . renata seeks to comfort the colonel and implores him to relate to her the worst of his combat experiences so that he may relieve some of his bitterness . the colonel lovingly calls renata , " daughter . " hemingway tells this tale in the deceptively simple , direct , and matter of fact style for which he is justly celebrated . i could have done without the duck hunting sequences and some of the colonel 's more obvious macho behavior , but hemingway , being hemingway , understandably could not . this is a lovely and sad story , filled with the yearnings of its two lead characters 
health pos 170.txt the bad news first : does n't seem to work well without adding extra detergent it seems like this is not 3x concentration , and like others we found we had to compensate by adding more detergent than the directions said to get the same results as we did with the standard formula . otherwise , the two products , ' concentrated ' and ' standard srength ' are the same . make no mistake about it - this is concentrated & comes out like heinz ketchup : it does seem to be concentrated , and we did notice a certain amount of difficulty getting the detergent out of the bottle , kind of reminded us of heinz ketchup . 4-star or 5-star product ? the standard strength product is clearly a 5-star product , however owing to the fact that this product does not work as well without adding more detergent than the direction claim , it rates 4-stars with our family . trying to learn objective info on laundry detergent is well . . . . the following is true of this product in standard strength or 3x with extra detergent added : i am allergic to most laundry detergents , but this product has prevented severe discomfort for me for about 10 years . it is consistently among the lowest-priced detergents available . in addition to being very easy on clothes and skin , it does work quite well in the stain-removal department and can be used as its own presoak . this is good to know if you are like me and are trying to avoid allergens . it is important to remember that if you buy a hypoallergenic powder detergent instead of a liquid like this , you may have to pre-soak stains and you wo n't have a hypoallergenic liquid with which to do it . while " tide " and " cheer " are also available in hypoallergenic formulas , [ " tide free " is actually just unscented] they are considerably more expensive and work no better in my experience . that 's why i like this " all liquid detergent - free clear , laundry detergent " . objective information is tough to find ! i actually did conduct a hard target search for true , objective information on laundry detergents . there is very little beyond which brand causes pollution which , while important , is not what i was trying to find . " consumer reports " does have test comparisons of the most popular brands in its monthly magazine every couple of years and they do include some detail . about " all 's website " if you are looking for this product 's website it is under " unilever " and you will have to specify " usa " under products , as the word " all " will show up in almost every search result . you will find " wisk " and " breyer 's ice cream " and almost as many neat name brand products as you would at procter and gamble 's site . [i am not affiliated with any product or company] 
camera neg 647.txt i purchased , through work , the powershot s70 in july of 2005. i 've always owned nikon products personally , but the features for the price of the s70 swayed me away from my usual nikon brand loyalty . in the 12 months i 've had the s70 , it 's been sent to the factory twice for repairs- -the second time was just 6 days before the warranty expired . the first time it was sent in was because the lens door failed to turn on the camera and it was almost to come off of its track . eight months later , the flash quit working in all modes and the door was failing again ! the flash and door problem occurred while i was in yosemite np , so you can imagine the disappointment in being in a place like that with a camera that is only half functioning . now , the warranty is expired and i hold my breath every time i slide the lens door open . i have no faith in the canon s70 and have lost a lot faith in canon products as a whole . the only bright side of this experience is that the factory repairs were completed within 2-3 weeks , which i thought was fast for warranty work 
camera pos 972.txt i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality 
software neg 182.txt i assumed , incorrectly , that adobe 's customer service would be professional and quick . i have called three times in the past two weeks and have had to wait , at a minimum , 23 minutes just to speak to someone . when i finally got my product , they sent the mac verion rather than the pc version i purchased . i called again and waited approximately 30 minutes to get customer help . i had originally ordered the pc standard version and asked to upgrade ( and pay difference ) for the professional version - - since i still had n't received the pc version . customer service stated that they would only ship me the standard version to replace the incorrectly shipped mac version and then i would have to wait for the standard verison to arrive at which point i could call again , and ask to exchange for the professional verion - insane ! ! ! adobe 's call center is easily the worst customer service i have dealt with - - and i 've dealt with some bad customer service 
camera neg 542.txt sd card worked fine for a week . problems arise then worsens over time for one more week then it just does n't work anymore . problem is not the pda , nor software on it . tried to use the card on a separate flash reader / writer . tried formatting it to fat32 , create test directory , data stays on for less than one hour . i would refrain from buying this product . 
dvd neg 671.txt i watched this on masterpiece theater and was intrigued enough with the family story to buy the book . the characters and the historical context are much better developed in the book and you do n't have to listen to that extraordinarily whiny , droning music . 
camera pos 625.txt this review is for the coolpix 5900 with 5mp . you will not be displeased with this camera if you are in the market for a compact digital camera . this little baby lies comfortably in your pocket until you want it and rarely fails to deliver , no matter what lighting obstacles you throw in it 's path . the footprint is amazingly small for a 5mp and you 'll be amazed at the functionality . i found the video / movie feature to be a real useful tool that surprises most people with the great clarity and utterly blown-away at night shots in poor light . think of las vegas lights on the strip , or a crowd of people in thin night light . this camera handled it all . the sd card is easy to access , and i recommend a 1gb size so you can take your time with movies . otherwise a 512mb card will give you about 300 photos . but i warn you , you will be bitten by the movie bug and want to use this more and more ( provided you have disk space or burn the excess to dvds ) . i also recommend the san disk ultra ii sd cards for fast recovery speeds , so you do n't have to wait for each shot to record before going to the next shot ( this is 5 mp and that 's a lot of pixals to store ) . the roll on the side of the body enables you to keep a tight grip on it with one hand shots - a feature many small cameras lacked . the battery life is exceptional , but as always , buy a backup for travel . the hit of one star was for the frustratingly small on / off button . i know they designed it so that it wo n't accidentally turn on in your pocket , but my fat finger is not the best tool... . the 2 inch lcd is not protected like others too , but so far seems pretty tough , rolling around in my pocket with sunglasses and other things that so far have not scratched it . 
camera pos 329.txt in the never ending race for larger and larger megapixel counts , the d70s has fallen behind the pack . ( however , if that 's the only measure by which you 're judging a digital camera - you really should consider further research before plunking down several hundred dollars . ) nevertheless , it 's quite a good camera . what i like about it most : - it looks and feels solid . some of the reviewers that pan this camera for feeling flimsy and plasticky are apparently still stuck in the realm of pro cameras that cost several thousand dollars . it 's not a bulletproof titanium box that you can back a hummer over , but it certainly seems to outdo dslrs in it 's category . - very good battery life . - backwards compatibility with decade 's worth of nikon slr lenses . my gripes : - the latch that keeps the pop-up flash in place broke in less than a week . - inability to meter through older manual focus lenses . - lack of full functionality with flashes other than the sb-600 and sb-800. - nikon 's raw software and control software are n't included with the camera , and are imho overpriced . ( ...and on top of that , nikon has split what used to be one overpriced software package into two overpriced software packages.. . ) what would improve this camera the most : - iso 100 and iso 3200+ - ability to store multiple custom white balance presets , and then pull them up on the fly . - replacing the " idiot modes " ( i.e. " portrait " , " landscape " , etc. ) with modes that you could customize 
books neg 523.txt i have reviewed all 31 chapters of psycho-babble in the book ( and the epilogue too ) . a very " nice " read . indeed entertaining and yes , funny in many ways . they also use doubtfull suggestions - like bringing " doughnuts " because people like them ! ? they also " demystify " some " myths " about teamwork . ( i do not know where they got those myths from ) - another fragment of their imagination , i suppose . this " business " book is more of a " romantic novel " about something relating to " teams " , full of anecdotal references ( very life-like ) - but totally unsubstantiated , wanting us to " believe " that indeed , " teams things " are like they describe it . from an entertaining point of view - very . from an academic point of view - null . for a business person - if you have time to waist , have fun . it is interesting to note that they got a uk award for their book . ( for entertaining i suppose ) . i guess this is a way of promoting the book . good marketing technique . 
dvd neg 52.txt i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels . i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv . instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons . this would have been a better cd instead of a dv 
dvd neg 46.txt i was recommended this movie by a friend here at college , and because he spoke so highly of it , i thought i would just buy it instead of rent it . i definitely regret that decision . if you 're thinking of buying it - rent it first . it was dull and obnoxious , not to mention weird . the only entertaining part of watching this film was making fun of it with my roommate ( which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 0 ) . however , if you 're still interested , definitely rent it , you might enjoy it . 
camera neg 618.txt i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality 
books pos 100.txt greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++ 
music pos 22.txt this cd is really really good . warped tour never fails to please . the best songs are by these people...the used , yellowcard , story of the year , matchbook romance , the early november , avoid one thing , taking back sunday , audio karate , simple plan , maxeen , coheed and cambria , and mest . buy this c 
books pos 202.txt paul johnson has written a 1 , 000-page book about various and sundry aspects of the years 1815-1830 , years in which he rightly claims to find the origins of many aspects of the world as we know it today . johnson 's chosen foci are certainly broad : he ranges from events in politics and law to music , science , and even opium use . while almost every page is loaded with fascinating morsels of information that will certainly come in handy when you want to impress people at your next social function , johnson 's roving eye and pen can be disconcerting : he tends to shift topics very quickly and without warning . also , while the book claims to be about " world society , " johnson spends the largest part of his time talking about british society - - but he 's found plenty of ways to range geographically from the " western " united states ( like kentucky ) to china and singapore . throughout , his prose is generally crisp and pleasant to read . overall , johnson has given us what might be the ultimate in bedtime reading : a vast book that one can pick up , open nearly at random , and learn something interesting about the past but which retains significance today 
music neg 103.txt out of all of the early ' 90s , l.a. gangster flicks , this one probably had the best set of chicano oldie tracks . the movie was laced with them , yet none are on the soundtrack . kind of a waste . sure , you can get those oldies anywhere . but it would be nice to have those songs from this movie on one cd . again , it was a good sequence they used . aside from that ; it 's okay , i guess , if you 're a fan of b-list l.a. chicano rappers . but , even if you are , you can get better music from their respective albums . lsob 's first cd from ' 91 was tight . if you have that , then you 're really not missing anything by letting the ' loca ' soundtrack pass . 
camera pos 125.txt after way too much time infront of a pc reading reviews or a camera store counter ( damn i was sick of it ) , this d80 is what i chose . bought it 2 weeks ago and then went on a 10 day trip west . after draging it everywhere i has not let me down . for the price its perfect . i 'm still working out exactly how to make it work to its potential aswell as fighting understanding of other manufacturers camera layouts in my head ) at work i have a rebel xt i bought last year as i need its compact casing . my brother has the canon d30 after he progressed from the xt and a friend on the west coast has the d200. having experience both i still love what i chose . my biggest reason however for going again with nikon was that i already have a n6006 film camera with a lens and my hope was i could use its nikkor af 35-105mm with this camera and give myself more options . after reading lots of reviews as to whether this was possible and finally taking the lens to a shop i found it worked fine . experience in the field in the last 10 days has shown it does not work seemlessly buy that may well be me not the lens . the 2.5 inch lcd is sooo much easier to read than the rebel xt . the info read out on top is much better placed than the one above the lcd on the xt ( if obstructed in an architectural model shoot and i ca n't see through the viewfinder myself , i certainly ca n't see the info screen if its below it ) . i did n't go with the 18-135 in the end for a lens as there is a vinyetting issue at the high end which bothered me . i got a great deal for the same price at cameraland in new hampshire for the d80 and the ( d70s ) 18-70mm tried and trusted lens . fab . now need to save up and wait for the release of the 80-300 vr lens thats coming out . would love the 80-400 vr but its 3 times the price . my hardest time was finiding someone with it in stock , at a price i wanted to pay , the set up i wanted and who was n't trying to make a dodgie deal ( like some of those cheap web based places in nyc ) .it really was the hardest part of the purchase in the end . i was surprised . many people were almost reluctant to make a sale . it was wierd . parts are hard to get too apparently like a spare battery and very few places have the 18-135 lens instock either . anyway enjoy your purchase if you choose this camera . i hope it takes many great pictures for you . 
books pos 140.txt amazing . one or probably the most impressive paintor 's book i have . not easy subjects sometimes , but anyway , always beautiful 
music pos 132.txt some of the catchiest melodies and harmonies ever from curt . lots of cool instrumentation . pete anderson did a great job with the production . this has n't left my cd player since i got it 4 days ago 
dvd pos 270.txt from a serious u2 fan 's perspective , the best thing about this dvd is simply the selection of songs . the bonus material is cool , the sound quality 's great , the visuals are always impressive , but it 's the songs that are the real attraction . as it should be . two scorching rockers from their criminally ignored debut album boy , four in a row from the all-time masterpiece achtung baby , and nearly everything from their grammy-sweeping triumph how to dismantle an atomic bomb . i also love that they chose to not play anything from their string of disappointing nineties albums . good call ! also , many familiar songs are given exciting new treatments , such as running to stand still ( a perfect hybrid of the joshua tree and zoo tv versions ) , elevation ( longer , better build-up ) , bullet the blue sky ( check out edge 's extended blues jam in the final minutes ) , and original of the species ( acoustic piano ballad ) . this was the first major u2 tour in which they routinely and substantially altered the set list . for instance , when i saw them they played miss sarajevo , stuck in a moment , gloria , i still have n't found what i 'm looking for , instant karma , until the end of the world , and others not represented here . here 's hoping they release at least one more vertigo tour dvd.. . 
books neg 362.txt this book is outdated for the 21st century . the basics are there and in great detail but most of the information is useless for today 
health pos 444.txt i loved it and guys really love it . the smell is so fresh and clean . 
camera neg 780.txt poor and slow focus and flash . thought nikon had a good name.......wrong if you like this camera it must be you first digital 
software neg 588.txt the product is great , calling tech support is a task though . intuit outsources thier call centers overseas and it is difficult to communicate with thier support people by telephone . if this product was n't preffered by my cpa i would never buy it ever again . boycott companies that outsource to other countries , keep our jobs at home ! 
camera pos 282.txt yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho . 
health pos 672.txt man these things are the best . they can handle whatever issues i throw at them . i 've done considerable load testing as i 'm a truck driver who makes infrequent stops . thanks for making my life easier . i 'm totally back into life with depends 
software pos 599.txt this product does a superb job at converting audio cassette recordings to mp3 format on your computer or mp3 player . you can adjust the audio level and pause the recording and advance the audio cassette if you need to do those things . there are other automatic features to shut off , etc. it also can remove noise from the recording and clean up the transients 
books pos 948.txt i read les miserables after i saw the opera , and it has inspired in me more than any book i 've ever read . i do n't believe one could ever find a better novel anywhere . for everyone out there- -read this now ! ! there is a character that will touch everyone , no matter what type of person you are . this novel is easy to relate to , and exciting . it also give some insight to the unwritten history of the revolutions in france during napolean 's time . i recommend strongly to everyone to read this book , and see the opera . it really will effect your life 
camera neg 441.txt the case fits like a tight glove . i do n't like that . the camera was hard to get in and out and did n't have any pockets for straps or batteries 
books neg 899.txt i wanted to like this book , but i had to give up in the end . if the overall vignette concept is attractive enough , the execution of detail is n't - - kosinski ca n't write . he tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important , whereas the reader is always expected to discover " depth " in simplicity . nothing to be recommended for 
music neg 346.txt i found a supposedly " new remastered edition " of sade 's " diamond life " on sale for less than 10 bucks . oops ! great mistake ! when i tried to return it , the cd store was already out of business , and the copy is one issued in the netherlands which is marked into the booklet as " 2000 digital remastered version " . the whole album has been re-recorded with new arrangements ! the digital sound is quite good , but the new arrangements made for ' smooth operator ' really sucks ! ! 
music neg 456.txt i was really excited when i received tone poems iii as a gift . wow , grisman and brozman ! two amazing fret men playing some wonderful vintage instruments . i could n't wait to hear some excellent acoustic bluesy slide and reso music . unfortunately , this recording comes across like sugar poured on the tongue . if you like sitting around in beach wear and listening to hawaiian strumming-which is at least half of it-this is the recording for you . ( in fairness , track 15 , " style o blues , " and track 20 , " new steal , " are wonderful . they have some drive and get-up-and-go . ) i also own tone poems i , which grisman did with flatpicker extraodinaire tony rice . that recording is also mostly a lightweight . i play mandolin and fiddle , and recognize david grisman as the world 's master with the mando . i also appreciate what he 's doing with his acoustic disc recording label . these days , however , he seems to be better off when other musicians are running the show . the recent recordings with vasser clements and old and in the gray are great . " hold on , we 're stummin ' , " with sam bush , is the best new mandolin record i 've heard . buy it and go to acoustic heaven ! for my hard-earned money , however , the tone poems cds have turned out to be an expensive set of matching drink coasters . i just know that musicians of this caliber , playing instruments of this quality , could have given us a better selection of music . 
music neg 147.txt ..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through . 
dvd pos 268.txt if you follow my reviews , you know that i felt the version of " jack the ripper " with michael caine as inspector fred abberline was a phenomenal masterpiece . not only was michael caine phenomenal in the role , but that version offered convincing speculation to a mystery we do n't know and never will . while i respect this version with johnny depp , it is more horror oriented . ( michael caine 's version was more historical . ) onto the subject at hand . some of you may know jack 's 5 victims . ( mary anne nichols , annie chapman , elizabeth stride , kathy eadows , and mary jane kelly . ) well , they seem to have a close friendship , and we also get the impression that they share some dangerous secret . ( in the michael caine version , the 5 victims knew each other , but they were just associates . ) well , of course jack the ripper comes into play . one scene is very well done in that while we do n't see his face , we do see some disturbing pictures , and we do see him cutting his steak and pouring blood red wine . in comes depp ( inspector fred abberline ) . it is interesting that while the older michael caine brought frustration and tremendous energy to the role , johnny depp looks like his character is living on borrowed time and going to die anyday . but maybe depp did n't want to just imitate caine . one thing i had a problem with was that while caine had some trouble with his superiors , depp 's trouble with his superiors is blown out of proportion . ( without giving the story away , his superiors must have known things that they did n't tell depp ! at least caine 's superiors carried some reason on their side ! ) you 'll probably notice that depp finds things out much quicker than caine did . ( probably because caine 's version was 4 hours , while depp 's is only 2. ) while caine was involved with an artist , depp becomes involved with mary jane kelly . gradually , depp discovers things that put together an interesting puzzle . like caine did in his version , depp ironically gets close and almost friendly with the killer . ( of course , depp does not know he is talking to the killer . ) well , another problem here is that in the caine version , we can understand more why the killer appeared normal and was even friendly with caine . we never really understand here why the killer is friendly and even helpful to depp . ( jack the ripper does not have the same mental illness he did in the caine version . ) i will admit that the scenery is well done , the elements of horror are there , and depp did a good job of not just imitating michael caine . and depp 's sergeant godley does offer some entertainment . but if you saw the michael caine version , you will undoubtedly miss the quite probable historical accuracy . if on the other hand , you do n't mind the fact that this version is more geared towards horror than history , you 'll probably find it a respectable horror movie . side note : johnny depp makes inspector fred abberline look like he 's going to die anyday . well , in reality , fred abberline lived on for 40 more years after he stopped jack the ripper . 
music pos 11.txt just lay back and listen . brian wilson never misses a note . his voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop . his composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass ( the slow middle eight section on & quot ; would n't it be nice&quot ; ) on this album . these songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling both excited and uncertain . recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the beach boys themselves , this is a true pop magnum opus . the best tracks are the gorgeous & quot ; you still believe in me&quot ; , & quot ; do n't talk ( put your head on my shoulder&quot ; ) , the title cut , and the tear inducing & quot ; caroline no&quot ; . instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity , brian wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that have n't aged a day since 1966. the more you listen to & quot ; pet sounds&quot ; , the more it 's beauty envelopes you 
camera neg 911.txt be careful ordering this item - make sure it 's the right one for your camera . while it says it 's for the a95 , it isn't . while it does n't say in the header that it 's the la-dc52c , it is , and the a95 camera requires the la-dc52d . i had to return the wrong one and reorder the right one . i purchased the wrong one based on amazon 's direction when purchasing accessories and do n't want others to make the same mistake 
books pos 559.txt as other reviewers have stated , ludlum passed away at the time of the publication of this novel . unfortunately , we may never know what other voice has been mingled with ludlum 's to complete this tale . honestly speaking , i believe this to be the case because the story is actually better than i have come to expect from ludlum . no disrespect intended , but i feel this work is actually above his standard . there is certainly a few moments of unbelievable plotting and characterization , but who cares when the ride is such a rip . at first you think you 're reading a typical espionage thriller and eventually come to realize it 's more than that , much more . for new world order conspiracy fans you 're in for a treat . ludlum et al 's take on an old plot is so fresh and intrigueing you are left speechless . i 'll just say this , if you have ever wondered if the nazi 's survived wwii you will really wonder after reading the sigma protocol . god help us if there 's any truth to this plot 
dvd pos 308.txt this is a typical ( semi slapstick ) gaiday film . it is corny , well produced , and will please anyone who enjoys the upper crust of silly comedy . the subtitles are just fine . you do not have to understand any russian to laugh at this movie . buy it , and enjoy 
books neg 441.txt i thought that she was going to explain to you how to invest in rental properties without going into deep debt for yourself . however , the truth is you need money to invest in real estate . so , there 's really no way around it , which made her book redundant . she just gave examples of 3 people with 3 different investment strategies . in the end , the one with the most number of rental properties ended up with the largest profit growth . i really did not find the book useful for someone looking to invest in rental properties . 
software pos 651.txt i like the product and bought it after having the individual versions on a couple of pcs . it was easy to setup and i love the feature set . the vsmon.exe file uses a lot of memory , though , and the pc seems to slow down some . 
health neg 961.txt while the memory foam in this pillow is of good quality and the craftsmanship seems equally good , this pillow is too small to do an adult much good . it is much smaller than you might think and will not serve its intended purpose . it could be perfect perhaps for a child 
books pos 988.txt it is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book . you wo n't need any others 
software neg 533.txt i bought this product because it combined a number of security elements . it worked fine until i installed the network security feature . we have a home network and as soon as i installed the product , the other computers were unable to access the internet . when i tried to uninstall it , my computer lost internet access . even using the 26 digit key did not allow access . customer service was useless . they gave me directions which involved changing the registry . bad move . needless to say , i had to have a computer repair service fix the network , and i had to reformat my hard drive . mcafee assumed no responsibility for the problems it caused , dell was nice enought to walk me through the reformat and it wasnt even their product that caused the problems . i would like to give this no stars 
books pos 177.txt i 'm gonna quote a paragraph from the book , please note - in no way can this paragraph tell you anything about the book or spoil it for those who havent read it . " a woman left at home would close her eyes and the power of her need would enable her to see her man on his ocean ship battling pirates with pistol , her man in the battle 's fray with his sword and shield , standing victorious among corpses , her man in a desert whose sands were on fire , amid mountain peaks , drinking the driven snow . so long as he lived she would follow his journey , would feel his elation and his grief , and if he died a spear of love would fly back across the world to pierce her waiting omniscient heart . it would be the same for him . in the midst of desert 's fire he would feel her cool hand on his cheek and in the heat of battle she would murmur the words of love into his ear : live , live . that was what the stories said about love . that was what human beings knew love to be . " shalimar the clown was about as good as i thought it would be . it definitely is n't the best book i 've read this year but i must say salman rushdie 's writing style captivates me nonetheless . in between the most relevant paragraphs , he says things that are unique and have a true stronghold on the reader 's mindset . in this book , he mentions a quote , twice , which really caught my eye . " one does n't know the questions of life until one is asked " another thing i noticed about the book is that the central character , shalimar , is seldom mentioned . the book seems to hover around other dozen characters . only in prison and in that one letter sent back to kashmira does shalimar 's true character really come out . the second quarter of the book got immensely boring and i really despise how max 's character was written about . it was annoying , difficult to read , over-detailed and excruciating to read . boonyi was an outstanding character . so was the old witch and boonyi 's father . when colonel tortoise was mentioned in the book , i thought his character would prove of some consequence but nothing about yielded anything . one could n't help but dislike max 's lack of integrity . mythology is rather well written about in this book . every 50 pages , a one page something would be mentioned including just the right amount of detail and words . conclusion - while reading , time and again i would rage on to my friend about how superb the writer 's grasp on the reader is . the writer knows his words , where to use them , he knows that he has a prodigious way of writing and he employed them better than ever . maybe this book disappointed his core fans . maybe it lacked a spark enough to obilerate doubt . all in all , i can say that salman rushdie has a wierd way of his own . his vocabulary is truly astounding . maybe he is the most " learned " writer i 've ever read , if not the best . respect . h.s anand -17th october'06 12.13p 
software neg 266.txt when printing cards it leaves a large border around front of card graphics . the cards do not print anything like they are shown on box display with front of card display taking up the whole card . when i contacted tech support i was advised that in order to correct this problem my printer must have a borderless printing option . my printer does not & i have been using another major greeting card software for about a year and half and never had this problem with that program . there is nothing on the outside of box under the system requirements that states this . on the outside of the box it says you can return for refund if not satified within 30 days and that the details are in the box . there are not any details in the box and when i contacted the company i got run around in circles stating there were two companies involved with the software and was never given information on how it could be returned . i am stuck with it 
health pos 196.txt read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child 's nusery . i absolutely love it . before this , my son could not sleep well with our " family 's " humiifier because it was too noisy . within an hour of bringing this home , it was set up ( very easily ) and he took one of many 2 1 / 2 hour naps that week ! no filters , no noise , no problems thus far ! i did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath , but the humidifier was near a window , and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top . ( the problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop ) filling it is a snap and the very fine mist ( looked like small stream of fog ) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal ! the tank seems to last longer than the box states . it is on it 's third day on a low / med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top . i love the safety features and i do n't have to worry about the tank still on if it 's empty since it has an automatic shut off ! the light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room . it is a design that will last thoughout his childhood ! thank you crane ! 
camera pos 380.txt have had good luck with these batteries . they last for a long time . first time with amazon and it was a good experience . will use them again 
camera neg 942.txt bought this camera to have better print pictures than what i get with the digital . i 've tried using it in every mode auto , close-up , etc. but the autofocus never works so most of the pictures come out blurry ! my older simpler camera took better pictures 
dvd neg 828.txt i an not a prude but i watched this movie after it was recommended by a friend . i watches this movie with a pretty liberal girlfriend and we both found it to be extremely vulgar and not even funny , with the exception of the fist scene.and the language was ridiculous and gross ! yuk 
health neg 431.txt this product might do for a backpacking weekend with the boy scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . i recommend giving it a pass 
software pos 646.txt as a retired teacher , i wanted the ability to compose a song and share it in a pristine form . finale songwriter does that . the lyrics find their way to the correct note . the midi connection works and all the parts of a composition is enveloped in this software . one of the attractions for me is the cost . finale songwriter does not extract your final dollar from your stash . try this program , and you will find many facets hidden that makes finale songwriter a positive 
dvd neg 972.txt first of all , who was the spastic genius who decided that concert films had to change camera angles every five seconds ? this is terribly anoying , especially when every third shot is of the same audience members . this may be fun for a home video , but not for a mass marketed commercial release . the dance hall crashers are an awesome band . much of the fun of seeing the dhc in concert is their highly kinetic stage presence . it would have been great if this dvd had concentrated on the band as a whole and not just different extreme closeups switched at a dizzying rate . and since the dhc are supposed to be the focus , why does the director insist on featuring so many shots of the audience ? it gets on your nerves . i love the dhc . their live cd has a permanent place on my playlist . but this horribly made dvd only made it through three songs . perhaps if i had been at the front of the stage that night , i would appreciate it more . 
music neg 266.txt this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves . 
health pos 495.txt compared to the first humidifier i got from walmart , this cute cow is absolutely quiet and working just perfect . oh , well i just got it yesterday so it 's too early to say perfect , but considering others ' reviews , i am pretty confident that i am gonna love it longer than at the first sight . the only thing is i do n't know where to put it . the power cord has to be plugged into a wall socket and the cord is not long . i am a little concern that the nearby stuff such as my wood chair or chest , or even other electrical appliances will get damaged by surrounded with the emitting mist all the time 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
music neg 631.txt & quot ; modern&quot ; usually sounds like some outdated mid-80s new wave album by the cars , flock of seagulls , or somesuch . it is not a punk record , mostly midtempo pop . the three songs diggle wrote and sings on are basically awful ; shelley 's are considerably better - the usual wry lyrics and great hooks . i would say about 3 or 4 of the tunes are topnotch buzzcocks stuff ; newbies should buy & quot ; operator 's manual&quot ; or & quot ; going steady . &quot ; or dig up the amazing & quot ; different kind of tension&quot ; from a used record store somewhere ! also , see them live if you have a chance 
dvd pos 365.txt all of these bad reviews confuse a movie they did n't like with a badly made movie . this is a very well made movie , with perfectly competent performances . the tone is quite serious , and the ending wo n't cheer anyone up . but then there are many people who loved titanic , which i found utterly depressing . more to the point , though , who cares about the problems of these rich kids ? not me . the real reason to watch this is to see molly ringwald at her most beautiful . and if you enjoy this film , check out less than zero , another gloomy but solid ( & underrated ) ' 80s film . the worst ' 80s film is bright lights , big city - do n't say i did n't warn you ! 
camera neg 329.txt this camera was great at first and very easy to use , however , the condensation error many others seem to have came true for us as well . when we first got the error it had not been anywhere near any water or moisture , so we put it in our cedar chest ( we keep our house very dry and do n't live in a humid area - nebraska ) . this worked for a few months , but the error is now on permanently and the camera is useless . i wish it was different , but bottom line , this is a disposable video camera - a nice one , but still disposable 
music pos 557.txt nas ' street 's disciple definitely has plenty of memorable / outstanding cuts on it . nas sounds very confident and his lyrical skill is prevelant throughout both discs . the subject matter varies which is way cool in that , it delivers to all audiences of his fans . every nas fan will be doing themselves a huge favor by supportin him and pickin this up today . a 
health pos 546.txt i have tried lots of protein powders . i get online the low-carb , low-calorie protein powders as i am just trying to put on muscle and it is hard to find one that you can stomach . i was stuck on champions whey ( chocolate ) for the past year as the best but i just got my shipment of the gold standard - cookies & cream and it is amazing ! i love this stuff . i tried it with fat free milk in just a shaker bottle and it was tremendous . i am going to have this before and after my daily workout , but best yet , rather than binging on any ice cream desires late at night , i am going to get a scoop of fat free frozen vanilla yogurt , put a scoop of this in with some fat free milk and i have my fat free protein shake 
dvd pos 454.txt overall , this is an extremely awesome concert . i am a big fan of dt , and like pretty much all their stuff . the performance itself is pretty good , although the only truly special thing they do is the instrumedley and jordan 's keyboard solo . other than that they pretty much just play their songs as you hear them on the album . if they had done more special things , it would have gotten a 5 star rating instead of 4. other people complain about how the band really doesnt get into their music during the performance , but would say they did okay as far as that goes . sure the singer doesnt get out from behind the mic stand , thats because half the time he is dragging it along with him , although i will say the band overall doesnt really get into it as much as most other metal bands , and thats probably why they have the video show up on the screens behind them . the special features are also pretty good , but i would not buy this concert just for those , backstage footage and things of that nature are cool but do not make a dvd good by themselves . overall , i did think it was pretty cool , and i would recommend buying it if you like dream theater or just their genre of music in general 
health pos 779.txt i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight 
books neg 903.txt i simply do not see any point in mixing crime fiction with crime and punishment . 
software pos 388.txt we purchased this for my 6 year old son and 7 year old daughter since both children have been asking me to help teach them how to play chess the last several months . while i have been able to get them started , i find that approach used in this software to introduce the game pieces and concepts has allowed their understanding of the game to grow . both kids enjoy using this software and , if i would let them , would spend hours at a time using the software . my biggest issue with the software is the sound and animation . we continually have issues with the sound / animation not being in sync or the audio cutting in and out . we run this on a computer with plenty of processing power , memory , disk space , etc. it does not bother this kids too much , but i find it annoying . all in all , a great tool to help my children learn the game . 
camera pos 797.txt i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need . 
music neg 732.txt i bought this cd for one song , & quot ; walk away&quot ; which was one of their best known songs . i was hoping since that particular song was so good that maybe the album would harbor a few more gems . there wasn't . the rest of the album is like an anti-climax . i would suggest a greatest hits instead . if you see this cd just turn your pretty head and walk away 
camera neg 206.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ? 
health pos 916.txt i am a foot reflexologist and i highly recommend this product . it is very helpful in working the reflexes on the bottom of the feet 
music neg 399.txt this album is not very good . i am a big fan of life in general , at the show , and slowly going the way of the buffalo but this sucks . i listened to it for about 2 weeks and then it cracked my backpack on a road trip . but i did n't care , becuase it sucked . it was boring , and it had no flavor . not the mxpx i used to know 
software pos 316.txt i 've been using wordperfect for about 25 years and it keeps getting better . it is the best word processor by far . so many things are better than microsoft 's word processors . importing graphics , mail labels , and especially reveal codes to name a few . 
camera neg 105.txt good : motor drive speed . grip feel . takes nikon lenses . reacts fast to pressing the shutter release . bad : skin tone renditions a color other than skin . white balance does n't balance well . noise at anything above iso 200 , looks like 3200. cf card door tough to open . screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot . battery cover is not part of the battery . button placement not as intuitive as on the d100. 4.1mp allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it 
music neg 872.txt i should have reviewed this along with fm . both were double record hit soundtracks . both represented youth . both are excellent time capsules of what radio was playing . one was a bad movie with a great soundtrack and the other was a classic movie with a terrible soundtrack . this is the terrible soundtrack . when the best songs are by billy squier and sammy hagar you know you 're in trouble . jackson browne , joe walsh , don henley are each awful . so were the go-go's . not surprisingly don felder and jimmy buffet both sucked . i almost fell asleep in route 128 traffic when graham nash played . the band that called themselves poco ca n't be the same poco i grew up with . there were some listenable tracks by timothy b . schmit , louise goffin and stevie nicks but then there 's quarterflash . however , amongst all this crap was a gem...the very last song is goodbye goodbye by oingo boingo . this song rocks and danny elfman sounds crazed . unavailable anywhere else which saves this from the trash 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
books pos 793.txt [...] if you are curious about the cambridge patonists , patrides carefully edited selection of texts gives you the cream of the crop ! - benjamin whichcote , ralph cudworth , john smith , henry more et al . - material reprinted from the original texts , complete with all the archaic but fascinating english spellings . the texts are fully annotated with comparisons and references to a wide range of cognate works . if you are reading the cambridge platonists as part of an academic exercise or are otherwise familiar with their milieu , well and good . you will know what to expect . i think it is worth saying something here - for the general reader . i am sufficiently ' unmodern ' ( or perhaps ' un-postmodernist ' ) to read the cambridge platonists because i think they still have something valuable to say ! not everyone would agree with me - but , i think the portrait of benjamin whichcote which graces the cover of this book ( and the frontispiece ) says something about the sort of men we are dealing with . ( the portrait still hangs in the gallery at emmanuel college , cambridge ) . there is composure in that expression . it seems to infuse the whole being of the man . it is the expression of a mind which has found calm waters , seen eternal verities . one of the papers in this book - ralph cudworth 's , was preached as a sermon before the house of commons ( i.e. the british parliament ) . things are different with us today . we are no longer certain of eternal verities . it seems almost incomprehensible - now , to think that when the cambridge platonists were expounding their ideas in the 17th c . , they were touching on matters of concern to most thinking people . religion and science had not yet parted company ( despite being called a ' father of modern science ' in school books , issac newton was a deeply religious man , very much in tune with the ideas of the cambridge platonists ) . the great beauty of the cambridge platonists , is their calm confidence , their utter conviction that there are eternal verities , that reason and faith are complementary faculties . thus , on the one hand , they looked back to the philosophers of antiquity ( strictly speaking , they are neo-platonists , taking in everything between plato , plotinus , ficino / renaissance thought , even hermeticism ) - and the legacy of christianity , while on the other hand - they were alive to the emerging ' scientific ' spirit , the renewed quest to understand the principles ordering the phenomenal universe . for them , there was an intelligent - and intelligible order in the universe . for them , reason ( capital r ) still had its pre-kantian , classical sweep . ' reason ' was not a mere idea in the head , an itching in the cranium , but presupposed the divine nous ( intellect ) , intimately connected with the activity of a divine energy ( energeia ) informing the pattern of the universe . we find them preaching against false religious ' enthusiasm ' - as soundly as they preached against atheism . " good men spiritualise their bodies ; bad men do incarnate their souls . " " we are no more than second causes ; and our suffiency is only in god , who is the first . a second cause is no cause , divided from the first . " - benjamin whichcote . 
music neg 317.txt as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album 
books pos 958.txt as mentioned , this book is amazingly compact , cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages . that conciseness also implies that much explanatory material and many illustrative examples are missing . the authors mention in the preface that " classifiers of calculus books would call this a traditional book . most theorems are proved or left as exercises to prove.. . " nearly every result in this book has an accompanying proof . for those with a serious interest in mathematics , this is a useful resource . for most others , the presence of so many proofs can be overwhelming and probably is a turnoff . included with the book is a one-page detachable reference card containing a massive amount of valuable information , including common rules for derivatives and integrals , geometric formulas , a few conversion factors , trigonometric identities and graphs ( very useful ! ) , and more . the book also has a three-page comprehensive table of integrals in the inside back cover and a listing of geometric formulas in the front , along with a commemorative timeline and portraits featuring the deceased european males who made calculus possible . given all of this , i would highly recommend this book as an 800-page calculus reference text , or maybe as a text in an honors calculus sequence that expects to use the text throughout multiple semesters - then using it saves you money . but for those who do n't have a super-strong background or interest in math , those who are just taking calculus for a requirement or those who have never seen calculus before , or for those who are just plain math-phobic - using this book just does n't make any sense . i would n't recommend it . for those who are stuck with this book for a course , i 'd suggest looking for another book to help you out . one possible book has already been mentioned in another review : silvanus thompson and martin gardner 's " calculus made easy " , a book that dates back originally to 1910 ( ! ) . i 've read parts of it , and the book looks good to me . i 'm sure that there are many other helpful books ; try checking your local / university library or looking on amazon for ideas . an extra calculus textbook that 's more student-friendly might be a good idea . as for the pages falling out , i have n't had a problem with it ( i have the 8th edition ) , but i do n't use the book all that much . i have n't found any serious errors in the text , but i have n't read everything thoroughly , having only used the text for calc iii . and , yeah , getting the student solutions manual would probably be a good idea 
camera pos 949.txt for $14.00 , you should get this sleek little package to protect your camera and battery / accessories . if you 've ever accidentally dropped an expensive camera , you know just what i 'm talking about . it 's nice looking as well 
music neg 633.txt as a 21 year old , i felt a little out of place buying this soundtrack . but , i was so excited that i had finally found a soundtrack to these two wonderful movies . imagine my disappointment when i could aurally pick out that rosemary clooney 's parts were not sung by rosemary clooney ! i do not recommend buying this album . enjoy the music when you watch the movies , instead . trust me , it 's better that way 
camera neg 349.txt i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him 
software neg 473.txt they changed everything ! in an effort to make it more user friendly , they 've rearranged most of the controls . menus are replaced by headings . it is difficult to accomplish what were easy changes before . some of this will likely improve with use . word 2007 is constantly trying to think for you , auto formatting as you type . however , it often is n't thinking what you are , and making it obey your commands is frustrated by the new headings . particularly frustrating , when i " right-click " on a list to restart numbering at " a " ( ie . after roman numeral ii on an outline ) , word 2007 flatly refuses . my research paper is now formated : i . heading a . subpoint b . subpoint c . subpoin ii . heading d . subpoint e . subpoint f . subpoint iii . heading g . subpoint etc....etc.. . this is ridiculous and inexcusable ! i also had to individually superscript 130+ footnotes . somehow , in changing the font from the widows default " calibri " back to " time new roman , " the footnote setting was altered and i have yet to determine how to restore it . however , if i open a new document it is fine , but i really do n't want to retype a 30+ page research paper . powerpoint 2007 works well enough , compared to the older version . they have added a few bell and whistles , but nothing that gets in the way . if you have to buy a new computer you 're likely stuck with the new ms office 2007. but do n't buy it until you have to . it is not an upgrade from the previous two versions 
music pos 954.txt i bought this album when it was first released in the 70's . heaven and hell was hot item and passed through my senior school from ear to ear amongst ' those kids in the know ' in much the same way that a joint would these days . the movements build on a theme throughout the work and reflect the care that went into creating some classical overtures . only later in life could i get the similarities to carl orf and khachaturian . this is a real masterpiece and a snapshot in time of when prog really was prog . listen to it in full and then catalogue alongside camel 's ' the snow goose ' , the original ' tubular bells ' by mike oldfield , ' brain salad surgery ' by elp and finally ' snowflakes are dancing ' by tomita . please dont compare this work to the keybored pop , i chose my spelling , of the 1980 's if you enjoy vangelis , as i do , you might also want to listen to the compositions of ennio morricone , he is the man who wrote that great music that follows clint eastwood in the sergio leone spaghetti westerns . 
music pos 964.txt for the past few years it has been very difficult to locate candid jazz cds , the label that critic nat hentoff created over forty years ago . this was a real shame because some classic recordings , including booker little 's " out front " and max roach 's " we insist ! : freedom now suite , " were on this label . i am happy to report that it was not because all of the albums were being deleted , but because they were ( slowly ) being remastered . now some of the seminal early recordings of iconoclastic pianist cecil taylor are resurfacing , like " jumpin ' punkins " and now " the world of cecil taylor . " it is my opinion that taylor 's currently unavailable ( at least domestically ) " new york city r&b " and " world of c.t. " are two of the great new jazz recordings of the early 60s . " world , " recorded over two successive days in october 1960 , is basically a trio date , with buell neidlinger on bass and dennis charles on drums , and archie shepp joining on tenor sax for two tracks , " air " and the standard " lazy afternoon . " this disc is one of shepp 's first recorded performances and the saxman apparently had trouble with taylor 's music - - i recall the now out of print mosaic set of this material collecting some 15 plus outtakes of " air . " but the master takes are truly masterful , and i am delighted that with this cd available once again , we can all return to " the world of cecil taylor . 
dvd pos 172.txt this box set is worth every penny ! this is an absolute must have if you meet the following eligibility requirements : 1. you have a decent tv ( at least 32 " ) and are able to watch in the dark 2. you have surround / stereo sound 3. you love 3d ! ! ! ! ! ! i bought this set a few years ago but unfortunately i made a big mistake . i bought the " horror " collection - which works - except that the movies are horrible and hard to watch . then a friend of mine turned me on to the three movies in this set recently ( encounter , alien adventure , haunted castle ) and i was simply blown away . now i can not stop watching these 3d movies ! ! the movies are all made by nwave pictures - and boy - have they done a fantastic job ! ! ! ! informative , fun , and of the highest quality.....this is the definitive 3d package . kids will love , and so will adults . also , once you have the lcd shutter glasses , they will work on any " field sequential " 3d movie you can get your hands on . these movies are thrilling though - especially the non-stop coaster rides in each one . do you hear what i am saying ? ? buy this......now ! ! you can thank me later ! ! ! 100 stars if i could and of course..highly reccomended 
dvd pos 672.txt this is the final season of hogan 's heroes . sgt. kinchloe ( ivan dixon ) left the series in season 5 and was replaced by sgt. richard baker ( kenneth washington ) . the other original cast members are still up to their wacky antics of outsmarting the nazis . and , it 's still hilarious . here 's a run down of the episodes from september 1970 to april 1971 : episode 1 : cuisine a la stalag 13 episode 2 : the experts episode 3 : klink 's masterpiece episode 4 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 1 episode 5 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 2 episode 6 : the gestapo takeover episode 7 : kommandant schultz episode 8 : eight o'clock and all is well episode 9 : the big record episode 10 : it 's dynamite episode 11 : operation tiger episode 12 : the big broadcast episode 13 : the gypsy episode 14 : the dropouts episode 15 : easy come , easy go episode 16 : the meister spy episode 17 : that 's no lady , that 's my spy episode 18 : to russia without love episode 19 : klink for the defense episode 20 : the kamikazes are coming episode 21 : kommandant gertrude episode 22 : hogan 's double life episode 23 : look at the pretty snowflakes episode 24 : rockets or romance if you have the previous 5 seasons , hey , you might as well get this one ! it was the end of a great tv series that brought a lot of enjoyment to millions . it still does . 
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras 
health neg 608.txt do not buy this ! ! ! it does not work " as seen on t.v. " we were able to get it to cut a cucumber and that was it . would not cut a tomato , onion , carrot , apple only a cucumber . complete waste of money 
software neg 300.txt i have used turbo tax for the past 3 years so this year like a drone i purchased it at amazon . great price by the way . well i receive the product and try to load it and find out as of july ' 06 it is n't compatible with windows ' 98. now i have to send it to turbo tax for a refund . its great that they are doing that but they should have put something on the front of the box . after a 45 minute call to turbo tax they finally agreed to credit me the difference of $20 for the purchase of their online software . the online software was the same exact program i purchased from amazon but they charge $20 more...go figure . it sounds fishy and deceitful to me . i will never buy their software again ! 
camera pos 489.txt wow..okay so i was thinking this was a screen about the size of a smaller camera because i didnt read the dimensions before i bought it here on amazon so i was a little disappointed in the size . this is about half the size of an ipod mini . it is by no means big . read the dimesions well before you purchase . the photos are really good quality and clear ..just small lol . 
books pos 153.txt this was one of the first books that i picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago . i knew that i was giving these men all my love , but even with all the love i was giving them they were treating me like i did not matter . knowing there is a problem is the first step and what a huge step that is . after reading this book the light bulb went on with a bang and it has never gone off . i have struggled with relationhsip issues , but at least i know what is going on and with each relationship i got better and better until i got it right . i learned i had to read the signs that i chose to ignore for some many years . i have been in a healthy relationship now for 8 years with a man that shows me his love ( along with telling me ) and treats me the way i deserve . 
camera pos 923.txt this is a pretty good camera , loaded with lots of features . the pros include the 10x optical zoom , use of sd card , and battery consumption . also , with this camera you have the ability to buy add-ons such as zoom lenses and such - makes it nice for those that are just past beginner experience . there are a couple of cons that i 've found , the most important being the picture quality . although it does have the capability to take great photos , you have to make sure and wait several seconds between shots to ensure that they 'll come out looking great ( in my opinion , anyway ) . the size is okay , although it is kinda bulky for being so small . i prefer something that size to also be slim - it 's not so easy to carry around because of this . overall , this camera is very easy to use 
books neg 535.txt while i only am a little over half way through this book , i 'm finding myself hating will . he 's pathetic and boring and not at all a character that i can cheer for . this book has been a tedious read overall . i keep pushing through because i feel like it has to get better , yet so far it has not . i 'm happy that i checked this out from the library , so that i can return it and not have it collect dust on my shelves . the only reason why i 'm even writing a review is that i 'm so shocked about all the positive comments this book has received thus far . i looked on amazon to see if my thoughts were shared by others ; i 'm surprised that they are not . i usually like this genre of fiction , but in terms of this book all it is is a bunch of whining and self-loathing 
dvd neg 71.txt i liked this workout the first time i bought it as her fatburning workout . the second time i bought it re-packaged i thought it was a fluke . this time i bought this since it sounded more like weight training and less like circuit training , so it must be different . nope . i have 5 kathy smith videos , all three with different titles and covers only three different contents . i feel this is highly unethical and contacted her company . one month later and i have yet to receive a response . 
books neg 44.txt nothing in this book was usable for me . okay , very little . if i was trying to write the next _ethan frome_ , then this book would be perfect . instead i write sci-fi and fantasy . i was looking for tips to improve my description of things ; this book recommends describing different things . too much emphasis on metaphor ( which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious ) . if you want to write in a way people might actually communicate , this book might be a waste of your time . however , poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than i did 
software neg 94.txt before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to bill gates ' ' feed the multi-billionaire fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ' star office 8 ' on amazon and read the reviews there . i use ms office professional 2003 in the office , and just cannot believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by microsoft for this bloat-ware . star office 8 is under $50 from amazon and is fully compatible with microsoft office , and includes full functionalities of ms word , excel , powerpoint , visio , and access . let me know what ms software i can buy under $100 , let alone $50. hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the microsoft monopoly , and the dawning of the era of sanity in computer software . 
books neg 285.txt look , the fact is feminism is about choice no more , no less . i have the highest respect for stay at home moms- -it is the hardest darn job on earth . but this woman is way off base to say that feminism sold us a lie . feminism gave us a choice . it told us we did not have to pretend to believe we were june cleaver if that was not what was in our hearts and souls . personally , i could not have children and only feminists have not made me feel like an alien species . i work with troubled teens , my skills do not go to waste , i spoil my nieces and nephews- -i am fulfilled and happy . my sister is a stay at home mom with three beautiful boys , she is fulfilled and happy , feminism gave us those choices , ladies . we were not " sold " anything , we were given much by the women who burned their bras before us . if you feel belittled by staying home with your children and doing the world 's most important job , i think that is your issue and not now's . stop blaming feminism for your insecurities , if you are feminist- -stop blaming your mother for your insecurities- -you have choices because of feminism not despite it ! 
software pos 923.txt finally , fresh new characters which are adorable . i am a converted kutoka buyer as i have now bought a 3rd item from them . i was so impressed with the mia reading and mia language that i wanted to try this multi-subject game for my twin girls in kindergarten . this game is a great compliment to mia reading as it reinforces literacy and other subjects like math and problem solving . we have n't played with the art part yet but i still think it 's a great value for the other subjects . i 'm really impressed how it helps to develop their cognitive skills and patience as one of my girls has a problem with concentration but found through the problem solving activities that she is overcoming these difficulties . great product . even my neighbours kids come over to play it ! 
camera pos 128.txt this camera does all that canon says it does . fantastic pictures . great flexibility for manual control or simple point-and-shoot use . i did a lot of research before buying , and i could not be happier with the canon g6 
software neg 342.txt i purchased quickbooks 2005 ; 4th upgrade in 10 years . unlike earlier versions , this one is confusing and painful to use . simple things like making deposits has to do through contraptions . one of the reasons i upraded was to use online banking ; it 's a complete disaster . it does n't download the complete trasaction details , reconcilliations are very difficult . you will be doing twice the work to use it . once my transfer to the bank was aborted by a message saying you are low on memory and though quickbooks sent the transaction to the bank , it did n't mark it internally , so on the next login , it sent the payment again ! ! ! it has cost me $1509 of double payment that i am still trying to get back ! how you pay a bill is totally messed up , there is no way for you to mark that a bill was paid online unless it was done through quickbooks online connection . ( bank 's billpay ca n't be used ! ! ) it 's very poor in organization , you ca n't have 2 accounts # 's with a vendor ( still in 2005 ! ! ! ) . it has introduced obscure concepts as items and classes , which have no real definition and no " default " use and stop every transaction . one of the biggest thing quickbooks has done to hurt their customers is the payroll . technically you can do it yourself , but they hide that information and scare you in every step that you should ( must ) buy the $299 / year payroll service ( old tax-tables ) . in all the documenation , not once do they mention that you can do the payroll directly and this is how . compared to the earlier products , this is a huge cost . by that reckoning i would have paid ~$2000 for the previous version of quickbooks ! ! it 's definitely cheaper to buy a basic version of the software and use an accountant to do the other work and you will be better off . do n't waste money on quicken services or premium products , they will bleed you to death on your way to a mental asylum 
dvd neg 333.txt i have to say that even though teti hatcher 's performance was good the movie itself was terrible . the plot was pretty dumb and the situations that take place in the movie are not believable . i can ; t believe i wasted my money on this one 
books neg 761.txt save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well 
health neg 619.txt i 'm a huge fan of the pria line , but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy . i do n't hate them , but will not buy them again . the flavor is pretty good though , just not what i was expecting . i highly recommend the pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind . thank 
books neg 242.txt i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that 's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says " wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! " yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n't they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that 's why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it 's practically traditional to make children 's books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you 'd be neglecting mankind 's need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it 's a terrible book . 
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it 
books pos 611.txt this is a terrific cookbook , even for people like me who are not trained bakers . i have succeeded in making three recipes already- -they work great . have a long way to go to try a lot of other really inviting recipes . her book also serves as a great reference for anything chocolate . i was quite impressed with the fact that ms. lonbotham pays an historical homage to chocolate decadence ( page 42 ) as being a seminal contribution to chocolate lovers worldwide . living in berkeley at the time , i well remember what a sensatation it caused . 
dvd neg 707.txt i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring " obsessed " was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again . 
books neg 993.txt i agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover . the book looks / sounds interesting , but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book . this book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy 
books neg 730.txt just know this book has you developing code in the sdk , not visual studio .net . if anything that should turn you away from buying this . any .net programmer will be working with visual studio and not an sdk . the sams teach yourself c# in 24 hours was completely written for vs .net , so i am confused as to why this book was not . get another book as this one will be only of use for terminology and oop theory . it was a waste on money for me . 
health pos 880.txt received the monitor quickly . it works well . the automatic feature is great . 
software neg 803.txt norton is now owned by the huge behemouth digital river , who have n't a clue how to run support or customer service . they are useless and anything with their grimy mits on it and we take a wide berth of it , would n't consider it . norton used to be top notch , now it is like pouring mollasses into your computer . it interferes with everything . microsoft seems to have given up on them too , as norton has not bothered to interface properly with windows , a consequence being that it is also buggy and problematic . i can only warn you ~ avoid ! ! ! a bad bit of software and a company that has n't any clue about what customer service is and does n't look likely to change . profit seems to be likely more important to them than service or keeping the norton family of software up to date and working well.. . 
camera neg 790.txt after reading the great reviews regarding the vct870rm tripod ( here and elsewhere ) , i decided to purchase one for my sony hdr-hc1 camcorder . when i first opened the box , the vct870rm seemed sturdy and well made . the tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . however , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . it felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . in fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed . i recently found a vct870rm review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . however , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , i 'm assuming that i just received a bad one . i 'm now in the process of working with amazon to get a replacement sent to me . so far , amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled ups to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . they say that i 'll receive my new tripod next week . i 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives . update : i received a new replacement vct870rm tripod from amazon , and this one works great . panning and tilting are both very smooth , and the tension is adjustable . if i 'd have received this tripod originally , i would 've given it 5 stars . the first vct870rm i received was definitely defective . i 'm glad i returned it , and i 'm glad i bought it through amazon ( best price at the time , and a hassle-free return ) 
music pos 271.txt this album is the foudation of modern hip hop...the format of the album the presence of rakim ....his image everything was new territory when this album came out in 86 ' all hip hop lovers should have this album especially people down south 
music pos 705.txt i ca n't say enough how great this album is . grant green was one of the most soulful jazz guitarists who ever graced the planet . his soloing on this cd is filled with beautiful melodicism matched with a bluesy grit that is such a pleasure to listen to . and for me as a guitarist it has been an encyclopedia of how to play blues from a jazz perspective . my favorites are & quot ; miss ann 's tempo&quot ; and & quot ; blues for willarene&quot ; . it is such a shame that he died so young and never collected his just due 
health pos 367.txt the stuff can seem somewhat pricy ( specially on a college budget ) but it 's well worth it . the taste is n't much to talk about ; you 're better of just holding your nose and chugging it at once . then again , weightlifters do n't eat supplements for taste do they ? i have a huge energy problem , i lack it a lot . between class and work , i 'm usually drained at the end of the day , but this stuff helps me get into the gym and hit it hard . this is n't to say that it wo n't requre motivation on your part , but it sure helps . during the workout , you may notice an increase in your pump . my muscles felt so tight and big , that i just wanted to lift more and more . by the time i was done , i went to the lockeroom to change and saw a monster in the mirror . i 've had great pumps before , but this was insane ! it did n't even look like me at all ; it felt great . i 've been using it for 2 months now and i do n't train a day without it . highly , highly recommended 
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole 
books neg 575.txt this bok was very boring i found it hard to stay awa 
health pos 343.txt as a dentist of over 20+ years experience , i have seen over and over again the results of not flossing one 's teeth . the unfortunate result of such neglect is cavities ( especially in kids ) , and inevitable gum disease in adults , which in both cass over time leads to tooth loss . gum disease almost always starts in-between the teeth and the only way to clean the germs that cause gum disease and cavities from between the teeth is with floss . mechanical scrubbing with floss is the key , and all the daily brushings and rinsings will not remove the in-between stubborn plaque below the gumline . the bottom line is that we need to floss our teeth if we want to keep them for a lifetime . i have heard all the excuses for not flossing : the floss is too hard to handle , my fingers turn blue , my fingers are too fat , i 'm too clumsy , the floss hurts my gums , etc , etc. this disposable flosser is great for kids , who may not have the dexterity to load a non-disposable flosser , such as the " flossaide dental floss holder " , which i recommend for adults ( see my review ) . i have recommended this floss aid to my young patients over the years and i strongly recommend it to you as well . one still has to develop the habit of flossing daily , and this device aides in the mechanics of flossing , making it a breeze . get it and save your teeth ! jim " konedog " koeni 
dvd neg 761.txt i 'm sorry , but this is honestly one of the worst movies i 've ever had the displeasure of witnessing . i purchased it after reading ambitious reviews that cited this movie was what mainstream horro should be . in reality , it 's nearly everything that 's wrong with low-budget films . first off , the camera work is horrible . secondly , i 've seen more convincing actors in elementary school plays . i mean , these actors make keanu reeves look like denzel washington . and finally , the story was absolutely horribly done . i admit , the premise itself had some promise- -but the way it was executed completely took away any interest factor i might have had . plain and simply , this film was unwatchable . i turned it off 65% through it . and i would 've turned it off earlier but i was hoping for some beacon of hope to appear on the screen . if you care at all about quality , in any sense , do not go near this piece of trash 
health neg 960.txt if i had saved the box i would have returned this product . the head has no pressure what so ever and the head does not screw onto the pipe spout straight so it is always crooked . and it wasnt just one shower i tried it one both of my showers and it was crooked on both pipes 
dvd pos 381.txt i saw this movie in theaters probably when it first came out in 2001 , but i did n't pay too close attention , because i forgot about it . however , i remembered seeing it in theaters one day when i was browsing the dvd section , and decided to give it another shot at home . i am so glad i did ! leelee sobieski is absolutely gourgeous and did a flawless job with the film . she has a bright future in acting ahead of her . basically what happens is , ruby ( sobieski ) and her brother rhett 's ( trevor morgan ) parents die in a car accident . their parents wished for them to go live with the family 's former neighbors , the glasses , ( who had since moved to malibu ) played by stellan skarsgard and diane lane . needless to say , ruby and rhett 's carefree lives are changed dramatically . rhett falls for all the gifts that the glasses buy for him , but ruby is n't fooled so easily . she begins to suspect that her parents ' death was n't an accident , and starts to investigate . she sees certain things and observes certain behaviors exhibited by the glasses that only make her more suspicious . eventually , she figures out that the glasses are behind the car accident and are now after ruby and rhett 's 4 million dollar fortune that was left to them by their parents . i wo n't give away the rest , but the movie takes you on a roller coaster ride of excitement and suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the last second ! rent it , or better yet , buy it ! it 's well worth your while ! 
software neg 331.txt i am a novice at web page creating and i am overly glad i tried the free web trial ( of course i lied about my address and my first born etc. that you must give to just get the so called " free " trial ) this is the worst web page editor for not so with it people . it does not look anything even close to what frontpage had and again i am highly disappointed with it . where are the themes , web counters and the other simple to understand components ? i did try namo web editor and for people like me , it is very good . this may be wonderful for those of you who are very web page saavy but again if you are a novice do n't get this or uprgrade to it , you will be highly disappointed 
dvd pos 630.txt one of the most compelling events of the release of kenneth lonergan 's you can count on me is that it gave visibility to mark ruffalo who plays a troubled young man who , unable to deal with the childhood trauma of having lost his parents to a car crash , lives of life of unattached agony and isolation . he 's a loner and a drifter , medicating his self-pity with pot and short-lived relationships . his sister sammy , played wonderfully by laura linney , reacts to the same tragedy by being , in many ways , an overresponsible overcontrolling super mom . two opposite reactions to the same tragedy of course result in a sibling clash . this film shows with great complexity and biting comic insight , the attempt of this brother and sister to shed their defense mechanisms and most importantly reconnect with one another . the ride is never easy in this film . no easy answers are given . just as important , this film , which deals with the pain of loss , never descends into the maudlin hallmark movie sap that other films would . balancing edgy humor and profound psychological insight , lonergan has written and directed a tale that captures the layers upon layers of psychological complexity that accompany the trauma of loss . amazingly , he does it in a fast-paced film with scenes that are by turns comic and dramatic . matthew broderick , for example , plays a hilarious role of sammy 's neurotic anal-retentive boss at the bank . the conflict between him and sammy leads to a plot point that i 'll let you discover in the film . but most of all , this film shines because mark ruffalo plays such an endearing , sympathetic , sometimes infuriating character . you wo n't forget him 
dvd pos 555.txt the magnificent frame employment , accent even more the claustrophobic atmosphere about a man in an unnamed country , arrested for an unexplained crime he is never told about . the unbearable tension joins with bureaucratic struggle to involve us in a nightmare of uncalculated magnitude . anthony perkins ' emotive memory after psycho fit with adjusted accuracy . a magnificent cast headed by jeanne moreau , akim tamirof , elsa martinelli and welles too . a fundamental icon of the cinematography . footnote : it should be known that a special request of welles around a documental that included at least some shots of the atomic bomb were totally denied to him . something similar happened with kubrick when he asked for flight sequences of the b-52 in dr. strangelove . 
books neg 838.txt this book is very dissapointing . sure , this book is full of information , but does not know how to teach . this book is not completely written in step by step method . before you actually start touch your project , you are fed up with information . i even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter . dvd comes with this book , but this dvd is not a lesson project like apple pro training series . not useful . if you are beginner and start studying dvd studio pro 4 , do n't by this book ! you 're going to waste your money . buy the one from apple pro training series , which is much better , easy to understand . 
books neg 883.txt what this is : an epic adventure . it would be imappropriate to review the wot series when speaking of the prophesies of the dragon book ; it 's also not really a supplement akin to , say , the monster manual for d&d- -the only extra skills , feats , backgrounds , etc are those directly related to npcs in the campaign . what prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring , which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels . the players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book 's key characters . it 's a really ambitious undertaking ; players have to be given a compelling storyline , feel like they 're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time , without letting them change what happens in the novels . does it work ? i am currently gming this adventure . on paper , it looks really good . some of the scenes , especially in the later parts of the story , look exciting , moving even . faile 's cameo is perfect , for example . in practice , though , it 's been an extremely frustrating experience . first , the early encounters ( as pointed out by another reviewer ) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot . as things progress , the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players . there is one chapter , for example , where the introduction says something along the lines of , " upon entering the city , the players will want to find ( a certain npc ) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of ( another npc ) . " the players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually , but the other one was off their radar completely . throughout , i 've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3 , they 're feeling very manipulated . the campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship ( including , at one point , a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions ) on the chance of thwarting same . characters with any other motivations ( say , a character modeled after mat or nynaeve in the books ) will feel forced into situations unnaturally . there has been more than one point where one of the players saying , " i *think* this is where the plot wants us to go . " so , in conclusion , while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope- -and it 's definitely better than something i could have designed myself- -but it will fail often fail as a game . if you are intending to run a wot campaign , buy this adventure , read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope before you even let your players make up characters . the characters need to be created to fit the story or the story wo n't work 
books neg 219.txt i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so " classicly popular " . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only " a little bit " interesting 
camera pos 568.txt i purchased this kit , primarily for the extra battery , which retails for about what i paid for this item . having the backup battery is great , but i was pleasantly suprised by the soft case . it protects my dsc-p200 , without being bulky or heavy . with the camera being so small , it was hard to find good protection without spending quite a bit of money . the case for the memory sticks is nice as well . it is easy to lose a stick if it 's just floating around and the case keeps them securely . all in all , this is an excellent value 
camera pos 395.txt i was n't sure if it would be worth spending the money on this case . how wrong i was . if you 're into diving and have one of these cameras , buy it now 
camera neg 903.txt bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon 
software neg 839.txt do not buy this . go with mac os x 4.2 tiger , it does n't crash or lock up . plus you will get access to really cool applications out of the box that lets you do almost anything media-wise . i could go one for hours how the macintosh operating system is better but i will say one last thing.. . tiger is faster than windows . research has proved that tiger and all the other operating systems conserve cpu performance to such an extent that 90%-100% of the speed is left for applications and such . windows eats up so much speed along with dos that from 20%-30% of the performance is left for the user . that puts a normal windows computer ( 3ghz ) at less than 1ghz . while a normal mac computer ( 2ghz ) runs at 2ghz . plus the fastest mac is a dual g5 each running at 2.7ghz . so actual speed is 5.4ghz . the fastest windows computer is around 3.6ghz which runs around 1ghz . that is a huge difference ( 5.4ghz-1ghz . ) when apple moves to intel chips next year ( about , ) the macs will run around 6.4ghz if not more . that is an even more huge difference . take my word for it . the windows world is not worth it . whenever i go on my mom 's computer ( which is running on windows xp , ) i encounter a lock up or annoying hickup in the os , every time ! ! i agree that a good amount of people do n't find windows to be unstable , but even when i go to a friend 's house i notice them there as well . every windows computer i have used for more than 20 minutes has locked up . but it 's not just this , it 's also that tiger is so much easier to use . take my advice ( i 've converted many people ) and switch to mac.. . please . i swear that most of you who read this and switch will be very pleased . it might be a little wierd at first to get used to the new os , but i mastered it in a day when it took me months on windows . plus you can purchase microsoft word for mac as well ( which i think is easier to use than the window 's counterpart . ) so go and throw that ugly windows computer away and get a spanking new , shiny white , stable , mac ! ! ! 
dvd neg 4.txt the movie is a about a guy , who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that . that 's pretty much the whole story . well , the idea is quite powerful but not new , the characters are done in the " comics " style and very primitive , the jokes are quite boring . actually what is really amazing , that it could 've been ok to watch as a family movie , but a few really tasteless jokes made it pg13 rated without adding any fun , so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids . too boring for adults , not appropriate for kids , too much moral for young crowd - i ca n't really think who might like it 
dvd pos 521.txt this was purchased for my daughter for her 15th birthday . she is very deeply interested in shakespeare and all his works but especially romeo and juliet . i saw this version when it was released originally in theaters and wanted her to have the experience of seeing these 2 actors . i thought it was beautifully done then and she loves it now . impressive that mom and daughter enjoy this movie when the music of today 's teens and much of their other interests are definitely not mom 's thing . 
software pos 266.txt i received micrsoft office 2003 in excellant condition . the box was sealed and in good condition . the 2003 office software is easy to use if you have used any of the previous versions . many new features make it worthwhile to upgrade 
health neg 553.txt i agreed with all the criticism that the revlon eyelash curler ( now discontinued ) received . it broke quickly and used up batteries by the truckload . but the one thing it did well that the carmen curler does poorly is to provide the type of construction and shape that keeps you from accidently squeezing pieces of eyelid skin . this instrument catches my skin very easily and it 's hard to get good curled lashes without hurting my eyelids 
music neg 741.txt thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc 
software neg 395.txt i had some difficulty with the product loading the default profile , then the product asked later for a re-input of the serial number , which i no longer had . no big deal , contact customer service , right ? contacted customer service via email once , got no response . sent a second email , and got a response asking a follow up question , since then nothing , no response , nada . all follow ups ignored . perhaps this product will work for you , but for me , it ultimately went into the trash because of colorvision 's refusal to respond . do n't support this product , they wo n't support you 
dvd pos 53.txt this movie is pure fun . my whole family loved it . it 's corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it 's amatuer hour , but its fun to watch . we made popcorn and laughed our way through the whole thing . watch it and enjoy 
software pos 211.txt i have read several reviews and decided the spyder2pro would be a good monitor color calibrator for me . i have a samsung 970p monitor with all adjustments via software . the calibration process is very simple and all you have to do is follow the menu of questions during the calibration process . i like the spyder2pro and would recommend it highly . 
books neg 816.txt not even worth finishing this book ! this author does not know enough to even write this book ! i have personal connections with blackwater and i know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be . it is a one sided story not based on facts , which it what most writers do , but purely fiction ! the only few misfortunes blackwater has had is what he bases his book on , not the postive stories that i hear about everyday . do n't waste your money 
health neg 753.txt i was very happy with my purchase . the company chose to mail it to me via priority mail in order for it to arrive before christmas . i was very pleased ! ! ! ! 
health neg 176.txt i am an african american woman with long , chemically relaxed hair . as a full-time undergraduate student , i cannot afford to visit the salon on a weekly basis . i purchased this flat iron on a whim at the market because my previous flat iron had recently shorted out ( it was an older model with no swivel cord ) . i chose this flat iron because it was the same brand as my last one , and i was overwhelmingly satisfied with its performance . i cannot say the same for this product . in retrospect , it does exactly what it claims to do , but nothing beyond that . with my previous flat iron , i could straighten and style my layered hair at the same time , which significantly cut the amount of heat and damage my hair had to endure . any attempts to style my hair were underwhelming to say the least . after using the flat iron , my hair looked fizzy and unkempt , and even a bit damaged . any curls i managed to produce looked undefined and limp . it was by chance that i purchased a curling iron in addition to the flat iron , and was able to successfully style my hair after wrapping my hair overnight and applying frizz control serum . needless to say , you wo n't be able to produce that " fresh from the salon " look with this flat iron , which is sadly exactly what i needed . i do not feel confident about my hair when stepping out of the house after using this product . if you do n't use this tool for anything but sleek , straight looks and have a bottle of frizz serum handy , then this is a great product for you . while i am not happy with its results , it will have to do for now . i 'll be saving for a better iron while praying that straightening and curling my hair does n't leave it severely damaged . 
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time 
camera pos 660.txt i was looking to expand my lens collection without breaking my budget and found this 50mm to be an excellent first choice . i love being able to shoot in low light situations which this lens has allowed for me to do . however , the auto-focus leave a lot to be desired as far as speed and accuracy goes . i 've found leaving it in manual focus allows me to get more shots faster , at least in low light . 
health neg 602.txt was very disappointed by the performance of this unit . not enough pressure . pretty useless even with new batteries 
software pos 812.txt though i 've odered many times with amazon , this is the first time i have been excited enough to review a product ! i 'm an adult who wants to learn guitar for fun and did n't want to play " mary had a little lamb " and scales for months . i have only used the software for about an hour , and have already been playing parts of songs i actually like ! i have been playing guitar for a total of one week prior to receiving this ( without any instruction ) .this is perfect if you do n't have the patience or desire to learn the traditional way . i wish i had this when i was 14 , i would have loved it . i ca n't vouch for the whole thing yet , since i 've only played with it for an hour , so i give it 4 stars instead of five . from what i 've seen i have no reason to expect that it will let me down and highly recommend it 
health neg 263.txt do n't waste your money on this size . go ahead and get the 19 x 39 towel . the absorbency is good but there 's no way it will fit around a head . also , i 'm not sure what to do with the snap that is attached either 
health pos 366.txt this dryer works great but it gets pretty hot . watch your ears and fingertips 
dvd pos 256.txt hilarious from beginning to end ! dr. pearl er eugene levy , will you marry me ? ? ? ? 
camera neg 756.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera 
books pos 129.txt if it was n't hard , everyone would do it . hard 's what makes it great . " manager jimmy duggan ( tom hanks ) , of the rockrod peaches to his all-world catcher dottie hinson ( geena davis ) in penny marshall 's " a league of their own " ( 1992 ) . i always think of that quote when i read these " discussions " of the great ( and sometimes the not so great ) philosophers in the amazon reviews . on the one hand we have the " professional " philosophers / ph.d'swho appreciate the difficulty of their craft . on the other hand we have the " almost were 's " / undergraduates who cannot abide the effort it takes to decipher prose that seems unnecessarily dense . and that is how it should be , else everyone would do it , and those of us with ph.d . 's and tenure track jobs at good colleges and universities would be out of jobs and out of luck ! as for kant , let 's all be glad he 's not on the job market 
camera pos 521.txt this case fits the z650 perfectly by just removing the inner piece . 
dvd pos 353.txt i absolutely love this movie ! it 's one of my favorites and i could watch it over and over . it 's got good plot , good acting and great child stars . i 'd recommend this movie to anyone to has n't seen it yet ( if there is any such person ) 
books neg 390.txt i lived in france . i know plenty of fat french women . and french women who drink hard liquor every day . and french women who drink coffee more than just in the morning . french women do n't have the market on thinness by any means . people all over the world have guilt about eating and learn bad habits . the author starts out trying to be objective but her arrogance comes out loud and clear as the book goes on . and her dropping of french phrases here and there throughout the book are downright annoying . nothing new in this book . eat less , exercise more . 
dvd neg 34.txt i saw this movie years ago , but did n't remember much about it , except some of the songs , and the basic story . i also saw " nights of cabiria " , from which the story was taken . i love musicals , and i think shirley maclaine is very talented . she is very sweet as charity hope valentine , and one ca n't help wanting a happy ending for her . so why did i think this movie was awful ? first of all , some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating- - how many times can you listen to charity say " fickle finger of fate " over and over without wanting to hit the mute button ? also , some of the scenes went on and on and on- - especially the elevator scene . and- - the intermission was totally unnecessary . but the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers . i did n't like any of them- - - they were so far over the top as to be silly . bob fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could- - - instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers , he had so much busyness in all of them- - too many people , costumes that did n't fit the story , silly moves- - and they all went past the point of enjoyment . i fast forwarded thru a couple of them just to get them over with . i have never done that before with any movie . this could have been so much better- - the story was good , the charactors were good- - but the whole thing should have been toned down . the movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming . it was entirely too long . also- - - all that stop action- - what was that all about ? i know , i know- - it was to show the progress of the story , but it was a distraction . i did n't like the movie and was glad when it was over . 
camera neg 718.txt i ordered this digital frame for my husband for christmas , with the assurance from a " tech weenie " that it would work , based on the advertisement found at amazon . still uncertain whether the ad ( also found in philips cursory literature ) is really true . my husband is working with the " phone people " at philips to determine whether it will or will not interface with mac . if it does eventually work , the process has not been easy 
software pos 414.txt brain builder is a series of visual and auditory exercises aimed at improving attention , concentration and memory . this consists of seven exercises , one involving visual reaction speed and accuracy and six memorizing a sting of randomly generated numbers presented audiably or visually in one of three modes- -base ( straightforward ) reverse ( you must give back the string in reverse the order given ) and flash ( visual numbers presented one at a time instead of all at once like base ) or random ( auditory where you cope with numbers being read at an uneven pace ) . you are then immediately tested by having to type in what those were . there is no time limit on response . you progress to higher levels- -which means memorizing more numbers faster during the viewing or listening- -from an initially determined baseline test taken when first starting . different voices- -men , women , adults , and children- -read the auditory presentations . all and all , i found it to be fairly sophisticated and the exercises do seem help even beyond matters of number memorization . the primary shortcoming seemed to be the lack of feedback or coaching other than telling you not to get discouraged and to keep working hard . also , the progress summeraries ( bar graphs ) fail to take into account the higher levels for scoring purposes so day to day comparison of results seems too flat . overall , i have enjoyed the program and have stuck with it although there are some days i wish for more variety and to do something else than just repeat numbers . what they say about only having to practice about 10 minutes a day- -well- -i 've had to spend more like 30 minutes or more to do enough exercises to feel satisfied with my progress 
dvd neg 569.txt i was so excited when this dvd came out hoping to get the four pittsburgh steelers highlight films from the ' 70s . 98% of all this material is already included in the super bowl collection sets put out last year on dvd . why wo n't nfl films step up and give us more ? ? ? this should be a steeler-specific box set , not some rehash of the entire season for all teams.. . come on steve sabol ; give us what we want ! ! 
music pos 339.txt this album is by far on the greatest recent live recordings . sheryl crow demonstrates her influence and talent by putting on an all star show with some of the biggest names in music history . sheryl shines on her own , singing some of her great hits , but it 's the duets that really make the album . my least favorite has to be the dixie chicks just because i ca n't appreciate the country flare they bring to " strong enough " but it 's still a great version . chrissie hynde , one of the album 's highlights , brings intense attitude to " if it makes you happy " , still one of my favorite sheryl songs . stevie nicks remains stevie nicks , giving more than enough emotion and flare to her own " gold dust woman . " sarah mclachlan 's usually soft voice comes out strong on " the difficult kind " and compliments sheryl 's quite nicely . my favorite rendition has to be eric clapton and sheryl together on cream 's " white room " , the rock-out moment on the album . the show is complete when all the guests return to belt out bob dylan 's " tombstone blues " and close the show with a definite bang 
books neg 973.txt this would have to be the worst book i have ever read.wow will is running from dead people . some one is trying to kill him so cool.how much more boring can you get.i would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater . so what i 'm saying is it stinks 
camera pos 948.txt some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please 
dvd neg 864.txt no no no ! ! ! dvd technology is for quality image and movie collectors . this time artisan did not pay respect . i think it 's the worst dvd in my collection . bad transfer , full frame and etc 
music pos 535.txt this truly is a masterpiece of pop music . there is not a wasted moment . the songs all blend together majestically one after the other . you really must listen from beginning to end to get the full effect . i agree with the reviewer that stated that ' do n't look back ' is one of the best songs i have ever heard . i told a colleague that my heart melts when it plays . i do n't mean to be gushing but this album stands apart . i had to put it away for awhile because it is somewhat addictive . 
health pos 59.txt easy to open package , tastes good , stays fresh after opening and not using all at once , does what it 's advertised to do 
music neg 463.txt this a great priced cd , but the content is why it is so cheap . it 's a true-amateur album . beethoven lover is over her / his head . this is the real world , not a fantasy-everyone-likes-every-type-of-music world . deal with it and agree with me . it is n't so great 
books neg 329.txt honestly , i thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive . the author 's main point , although interesting , seems to me like it would fit into an essay . also , the particular print of the book that i purchased , has a dog on the cover , i was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior . instead , i felt i little duped . most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments / theories or anedoctal accounts of " my friend 's dog fido , one day did this.. . " i hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population . i mean , the author does n't even have a dog ! ! i suspect that i , who have had a lifelong history with dogs , have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author . i do n't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there . now , if your " thing " is cows... . get this book ! 
music pos 872.txt imagine yourself sitting in a bistro on the champs elysees , sipping a nice glass of bordeux as your glance pulls you toward an alluring .... you get the picture . now buy the cd and thank me later ! highly recommended from someone who thought they heard it all ! bravo senor douglas 
dvd neg 552.txt my objection was the implication that the " stars " played a part in the film . i felt that the picture was completely deceptive . ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes ( maybe a little more but not much and possible even less ) and were clearly there to fool the viewer . it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary 
camera pos 709.txt this is a great , easy to use camera . i have had this camera for a year and it has seen alot of use . the only drawback i have had with this camera is that it eats aa batteries . i bought rechargeable aa 's and they seem to last forever ! problem solved . i am about to purchase a second one for my son for christmas . great camera 
health pos 360.txt this writting instrument is superb in it 's ability to compensate the energetic writer 
books neg 327.txt let me first say that once upon a time i liked larry the cable guy . after reading this book , i now think he is one step above slime . to be fair , some jokes are funny and some stories are enjoyable and amusing . he is anti-pc which is totally fine with me and even goes as far to pick on some appropriate targets like rosie o'donnell , michael moore , barney frank , barbara streisand , and " that fat girl from the dixie chicks " , among others . no problem there in my opinion . that is the entirety of the positive things i can say about the book . the rest is just babble , often repeated over and over again , that even larry lovers will find annoying . a couple things that really bothered me . the first is his constant and unrelenting picking on and making jokes at the expense of " retards " and down 's syndrome children . he must use the term " retard " at least fifty+ times in the book . this is appreciably different than making a joke about , say , michael moore . moore made the decisions and taken the actions in his life to make him an apt target for jokes . the down 's syndrome children did not . my opinion of larry the cable guy dropped to zero or below after reading his attack on " retards " . he also racially sterotypes in the book . many of these jokes can be funny if taken in context and at least those people can respond . the down 's syndrome kids can't . larry , i can only hope god ( in whom you so mightly believe in according to your book ) grants you a " retard " child to love and care for . then , i would like to read your next book . i suspect you would gain some sorely needed wisdom very quickly . the second theme in the book that came through loud and clear is that larry is a fraud in many senses . he plays the good ' ol bubba . he ai n't too bright and he ai n't ever changed since he left the farm . his " celebrity " - his word not mine - has not gone to his head . ok , larry . why then the better than thou tone throughout the book - including speeches and lectures , including serious topics such as abortion ? why do virtually every one of your stories and jokes involve putting someone else down ? why the unrelenting references to your " celebrity " ? the terms " meet and greet " and " after-party " were used over and over and over , as an example . do you really think your fans have ever been to one of these events or even know what they are ? well , you are wrong . they are mentioned constantly to remind everyone how big of a star you have become . that 's hollywood-speak my country , fart loving , nose picking friend . overall , this book is a true disappointment and larry the cable guy is a true moron ( see does n't that sound better than " retard " ) . my father always taught me there are two types of dumb people . those who are dumb and know they are dumb . and those who are dumb but are so dumb , they do n't realize it . the former category usually shuts up ( knowing they are dumb ) . the latter category normally rambles on and on like some drunk in the gutter . the first group is obviously smarter than the second . larry the cable guy falls smack dab in the last group . the fact that he has stumbled into some sense of success is fueling his rambling and babbles in this book . make jokes , larry , and forget about your opinions on say abortion and the like . unfortunately , larry ca n't see the obvious . like virtually every celebrity he cites and makes fun of in the book , he has become exactly one of them . a thin layer of " good ' ol boy " on top , covering a core of venom and " celebrity " . he plays the role pretty good until one gets under the sheets . my suggestion : do n't buy larry 's act and , by all means , do n't buy the book . 
health neg 566.txt the amount of time resulted in minimal results- -i was very disappointed 
dvd neg 1000.txt i seen this movie , do n't buy it ! ! ! it 's not worth anything . i have it on vhs , boring action . purchase the other three home alones , they 're the best than this movie ! ! 
dvd pos 219.txt when kerouac , ginsberg , and burroughs set out in their writing , they had no idea what it would create - a whole movement . this film , including interviews taken when ginsberg and burroughs were alive , assembles clips from media , film , and personal account to show the beginnings of the beats up to the passing-away of ginsberg and burroughs . with a large assembly of other beat writers and the poets they influenced ( carroll and bukowski ) , it is an extensive study to a misunderstood movement . it is interesting to see the beat propaganda of the sixties , how negative and mocking the media treated the sense of a & quot ; cool&quot ; movement ; they painted a false portrait . this film is for lovers of beat or people genuinely interested . however , if you do not like documentaries , you wo n't like this one . also , i was disappointed to see depp , hopper , and turturro reciting long pieces of work when the actual writers could have performed it . honestly , i skipped these parts . i wanted to see ginsburg doing & quot ; howl . &quot ; another disappointment is the dvd version , which was slapped together on the fly . i envisioned additional clips and useful information ( let 's face it , you can put tons on a dvd ) , but only had 2 or 3 screens of names credited for making the movie and the trailer ( in this case , not exciting ) . however , with all disappointments aside , this film is good for a few viewings . it conveys a better picture of the beats than other films have before and enjoyed alot of the material 
health neg 351.txt this thing does not stay in place . i needed a sponge to prop it up . also do n't let the chrome finish fool ya . it 's plastic all around and feels cheap . right now this is in a box going right back where it came from . no good . 
health pos 708.txt the sound of it working is great ambient noise for sleeping and wth oils it makes you room smell wonderful ! it does a reasonable job of humidification in my medium sized bedroom but it acts a little snarky in that it tries to turn itself on often when there is no water left in it . and it doesnt hold enough water to enjoy it all night but it will run for several hours . the light show and the aromatherapy can be quite a nice mood setter romantically as well 
music neg 570.txt most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one 
dvd pos 904.txt in response to the earlier reviewer , this is sergio garrone 's django il bastardo , not the other film the reviewer mentioned . django il bastardo is a small gem among spaghetti westerns , a low budget b movie in which a ghost ( django ) avenges his own death ( a topic later adapted by clint eastwood for his & quot ; high plains drifter&quot ; ) . hence , steffen 's & quot ; wooden&quot ; acting is totally appropriate for the role . a little jewel with nice gothic atmosphere , innovative camera tricks and good supporting actors ( a standout is luciano rossi as the main baddie 's insane brother ) 
software neg 292.txt on install the 1st problem encountered was that it replaced my pictures folder , with another containing only " sample picture " , yep it took out a folder on install with no request or user action to do so . regardless of how it works as an image editor such behaviour precludes its further use . this program seems to be unsupported by microsoft , least their support site wo n't let you mail them on it , so when it does hack up your file structure . so program cost me $15 recovery effort on pictures , over $50. just wonderful . 
music pos 411.txt fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available 
music pos 514.txt another typical funk classic album from the brilliant tenor sax sounds of lou donaldson . the album released on blues notes features lou 's popular and individual classic jazz funk tones . lou even opts to ' chill ' out on a number called ' over the rainbow ' but on other numbers like ' donkey walk ' lou 's style and also his unique band really shine . the unmistakable hammond adds yet more funk and along with the jazzy guitar sound and funk and swinging drums this brings together another great album.keep on funkin mr lou donaldson ! ! ! ! 
dvd neg 256.txt i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind . i 'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel . still , i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation . unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story . jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst . this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen 's humor . for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas . a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown . when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film , how are we supposed to understand or believe that it 's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham ! ? another example is lady catherine . this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions . yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning ( when lady catherine would n't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark - no streetlights remember - to the bennet household ) because no one adhere 's to societies rigorous , and for the most part arbitrary , rules , the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things . another weakness lies in the casting . granted these actors had big shoes to fill . colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries , but as i said , there are other ways to interpret and play the characters . unforunately here everyone seems as if they 're reading lines with dramatic inflection - not acting . you can almost imagine keira knightly 's script having notes saying " insert spunkiness here " . while the scenery is lovely , the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting . overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity 
books pos 847.txt i loved this book . it talked about every facet of the stock market , but did n't go overboard with jargon . i knew absolutely nothing about stocks and after reading this book i am ready to learn more . it was well written , interesting , and , unlike some investing books , the author was not trying to sell anything . this is the perfect book for anyone who wants to invest but has no knowledge of the subject . i really enjoyed this book 
health neg 742.txt i could n't even assemble the product , and there were no instructions on how to do so 
dvd neg 897.txt this movie has the feel of a late-night monster fest hosted by svengoolie or elvira . i had no idea what this was about when i started watching it , but by the end , i wished i would have skipped it entirely . the story starts off well , with murders happening in an old factory by some mysterious monster ( that you do n't see at first ) . from there it goes downhill , it felt like a low-rent ' pet sematary' . i have never read the short story that this was based off of , but i 'm sure that king made his scarier than this movie could ever be . the best acting in the movie comes from brad dourif , best known for his performance as billy bibbit in ' one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' and the voice of chucky the killer doll from ' child 's play ' , as an exterminator 
software neg 670.txt this is a product that is dependent on constant upgrades because the most current version of the 2006 tax forms are often not available when it first comes out . that is the nature of the product . however , for the third year in a row , many macintosh users have run into problems with their automated online form upgrade process . if the automated upgrade process does not work , you can do the upgrade manually , but that is a somewhat complex process . alternatively , you can order a snail mail version of the upgraded program , if you can ever get through to the phone number you have to call . they always seem to be encountering a large volume of calls no matter what time you call . its a great product once you get it upgraded to contain the most recent version of the forms . i wonder if the automated upgrade process works for windows users ? at any rate , until they fix the automated upgrade process , an important part of the software , i have to rate it as low as possible 
software neg 862.txt save your money . does'nt bill already have enough of it ? i wish bill had to pay us for all the wasted time and headaches . do n't worry , for a few dollars more you can fix it . what a racket 
software pos 356.txt i have been using nsw 2006 for a year and it 's never failed me . i 've always used symantec products and have always been satisfied . 
books pos 242.txt be aware that the reviews for a book are displayed not only for one edition , but for all editions under the same title . the oxford philosophical texts edition of hume 's " treatise " should be the standard student edition . the prometheus books edition is cheap , but it does not include a modern introduction or any study notes . i recommend the oxford philosophical texts version if you want or need more than just the raw text 
books neg 910.txt i clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here , who will all have to forgive me for thinking that susan cooper 's " the dark is rising " is plain awful . this book was recommended to harry potter fans who have run out of hp books to read . i must say it was a waste of my time to read " dark . " never have i read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero . in this case , we are told that on his 11th birthday , an english boy named will stanton discovers he is the last of " the old ones . " unlike jk rowling who , in the first pages of harry potter & the philosopher 's ( or sorcerer 's ) stone , provides the reader with a vivid description of harry as skinny , with an unruly mop of black hair , startlingly green eyes , and , of course , a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead , cooper does not describe will stanton at all . the result is that the reader , after having read 244 pages , still cannot visualize what will looks like ! ! i also find quite annoying cooper 's approach to this good vs. evil tale . she is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are the old ones , and who or what exactly is the dark . as for the dark being evil , all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that the dark means cold , snow , and- -of course- -darkness . excuse me : but is this the best cooper can do ? is this what this book is about ? - -the druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark , summer vs. winter , warmth vs. cold ? what happened to the conception of evil as moral evil ? 
software neg 47.txt first of all , the many samples i viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . there are far fewer images than the number touted . this is a scam in my opinion , but a situation i could live with . but the major issue is that most of the photo images i have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . they have corrupted clarity , poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project . it was a complete waste of money . it is headed for the first garage sale i hold , and i will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy . 
books pos 595.txt when i was 21 and in my first year of graduate school , paul fussell 's & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; was one of the first text books assigned to me . when i bought the book and saw how slim it was , i snickered , & quot ; grad school 's gonna be a walk in the park ! & quot ; yeah , right ! this densely packed tome is not for the uninitiated and definitely not absorbed in just one reading . on and off , over the last 20 years , i have come back to this book to refresh my memory and , usually , to astonish myself . the book 's real strength , besides professor fussell 's obvious command of his subject , and his ability to convey that command , is in the sprinkling of dozens of anecdotes by and about poets about other poets and poetry . even at this late date in my life , i ca n't pretend to understand the entire book but what i do understand i admire and respect . & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; is not recommended to anyone studying poetry ; it is urgently required 
health neg 46.txt the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one 
camera neg 45.txt canon 's 28-135mm with is ( image stabilizer ) is a far better choice for the money 
health neg 624.txt i order it on july 14th , but i still have to wait for more than a month to get it . 
health pos 688.txt i bought this product specifically because it was originally described as being / having " mood-brightening natural spectrum light . " i thought it would help on the gloomy pacific northwest winter days . i got it on a friday sale price , so it seemed like a good value for the product description given here . the lamp just arrived ( a few days ago - when i originally submitted this review ) , and the product 's faq sheet states this product is " designed only to provide excellent quality light for daily tasks and hobbies . this lamp does *not* offer the correct level of light intensity specified by the national institute of mental health for the treatment of seasonal affective disorder ( s.a.d. ) . the product literature packed with the lamp has no mention at all that this product offers " mood-brightening " light . because of this glaring misrepresentation , i am currently debating whether to the return the lamp . i agree with the other reviewer that the adhesive labels ( there are two ) are very sticky and difficult to remove completely . i used a combination of methods to remove the adhesive residue . and i agree with the comments about the company name being printed on the front of the lamp . when i saw it in the picture , i thought it had to be some kind of company watermark or logo for the stock photo only , so i was shocked to see " verilux " actually printed / embossed into the lamp housing , in a very prominent location on the front of the lamp . very cheesy , for a lamp of this price point and quality . if you 're looking for a " clean " bright light , in a stylish , portable lamp , this is not a bad choice . but if you 're looking for a full-spectrum light that does offer some light " therapy , " this is probably the wrong choice . the company does have other , " therapeutic " lighting options , but at a higher price point . nov 1 , 2006 update - i was concerned enough about the original , misleading product description that i submitted my concerns to amazon . i now see that the description had been revised since submitting those concerns . i want to thank amazon for their very prompt response in correcting the product description , which should help other buyers make a more-informed decision . 
health neg 582.txt i took a chance ( it 's pricey ) and purchased this item . & quot ; what the heck , & quot ; i thought . i used it ( a single ' squirt ' ) once a day in the morning . this was instead of the recommendation of twice a day . i like the stuff . my skin felt lubricated and smooth without feeling greasy . in fact , i 'd give it five stars except that now it 's three weeks since i purchased this product and ' poof ! ' it 's gone ! i figure that it comes to about 30 cents a squirt . in my mind the ' goodness ' of this product is n't worth the exorbitant price . hence , two stars 
software neg 665.txt if you do not have a mediocre-level understanding of chinese , stay away from this product . rosetta stone has a very unique approach that might work for children under the age of seven ( the critical language learning years ) , but for every other beginner in the language the software is almost impossible to use . the object of the " game " is to match a mandarin phrase ( said aloud and written in pinyin ) to a poor , pixellated photo . for example , in the first section of the first lesson , you are shown a ball , an airplane , an elephant and a horse . a phrase will be read and you have to match it with the correct photo . it gets much too complicated after that . basically , it 's a pure guessing game for most of the time . i gave this product a serious evaluation even after reading the plethora of poor reviews . i thought the unique style was interesting enough to give a chance , but i feel as though i wasted hours and hours . i can remember only two or three words from the entire experience . although i have spent fewer hours on pimsleur 's mandarin audio lessons , i am able to recall many , many more words and phrases . although pimsleur 's is n't perfect , it 's definitely the best choice for a beginner ( along with a solid chinese-english dictionary ) . if you do not know well the basics of mandarin , this software is completely useless . buy pimsleur 's instead 
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent . 
software neg 654.txt the updates are frequent and expensive . good program , but it 's not worth the trouble and expense of upgrading 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
dvd pos 652.txt i ordered this movie for my husband . he loves it ! it 's a funny entertaining movie and something you can watch over and over . no big plot - but it 's got it 's moments . i 'm quite sure there is something for every european to be offended by.. . so keep a sense of humor and enjoy 
health pos 82.txt the toothbrush is great , feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned 
software neg 120.txt i received this item today and was surprised 1 ) it was shipped from overseas ( uk ) 2 ) it came with only one cd instead of two like a previous reviewer thought 3 ) no paperwork - it came in a clear case with no artwork , info , etc 4 ) sonic foundry sold acid to sony in 2003 ( according to sonic foundry 's website ) and sf no longer provides support 5 ) i ca n't get this to register online , which seems a little dodgy , but other than that , it seems functional . no huge library of loops , either . ca n't really say i got what i expected 
software pos 847.txt i 've had this pc remove for 1 year and i have used it everyday that i am home and i have not yet changed the remote batteries . my pc has suddenly become more entertaining and useful . with this remote , the time i spend sitting in front of the monitor is reduced . in my 860 sq ft apt , the farthest point away from my pc is about 50 ft . the remote has always worked from anywhere in the apt thru 2 walls . i was surprised to get this much range . i have not yet found a spot from which it does n't work . to get the best range be sure to position the usb rf receiver near the computer as directed . with my pc , i 'm always playing music . i also play digital video files that were either taken with my camera or were rented digitally from the internet . i have a good graphics card with s-video tv out . i got a 50 ft s-video / out cable ; this connects my pc and tv which are in different rooms . with this remote , i now can play ( and control ) my entire digital music collection on my home stereo ( which is connected to the tv ) without being at my pc or be in the same room as my pc . also , with this remote , any video that can be played on my pc , ( online streaming or local ) i can watch and control it ( pause , rewind , slow motion , next , fwd ) on my tv . my pc / tv has effectively become a powerful media center- -media center pc not needed . there is so much more.. . with the remote , i use the mouse from far away ( lying in bed or on the couch ) ; there a numerous ways to get creative with this . i wish the remote was lighted . still , the keys are arranged for " touch typing " so to speak . another negative , i 've noticed that windows media player sometimes crashes when video is launched from within the software that comes with the remote . 
dvd pos 976.txt this is the all time , great , original classic . the remake is .......ok at best . add this to your classic movie collection . highly recommended 
camera neg 274.txt i have to say i am very disappointed with this camera . i had really high hopes for this one . i waited for the hd2 to come out and when i saw a lot of positive reviews i bought one , i should have waited . for sanyo to call this an hd camera does n't make sense . the picture has more grain and noise then my old high 8 camera . outdoors in bright light the camera is ok . low-light is horrible pros : - nice form factor , love the look and feel and it 's so tiny it fits in your pocket . very portable and something you can take anywhere . - secure digital cards are great , can transfer and edit on the computer quickly - still pictures are pretty good . although still digital cameras are better . - hdmi output can plug directly into your hdtv ( although if you are used to watching things in hd you will be disappointed ) cons : - indoor and low light situations very grainy , even with the high sensitivity button . - do n't attempt to take still shots while you are filming , it works but when you watch the film you hear loud noises and the shot pauses for 2 or 3 seconds and then continues . very cheesy . - you can hear the data being written to the secured digital card on the video which is annoying . i thought sd was supposed to minimize noise . - watching the playback of movement with this makes me dizzy , not even fast movement either . - image stabilization is not that great either compared to other cameras i have used . - audio sounds a bit tinny in my opinion this camera is geared for portability and being able to capture moments quickly as this is something you can always carry with you . if you are n't too concerned with quality picture it 's probably fine . i really think sanyo has a great concept and one day this could be the end all be all device . for now it should come with a warning of it 's limitations . i am not saying it 's total garbage , but if you have high hopes like i did , you will be disappointed . 
software neg 421.txt turbo tax is fine . the linking into quickbooks pro ( qbp ) is limited to only the most recent 2 versions of qbp . so if you have an older version ( older than 2005 ) you have to buy the new qbp to have turbo tax lift the data out of qb . now intuit will only sell a new version of 2007 - no more ungrades . " for the consumer " they will tell you . bs , i will be changing accounting platforms as soon as i can find a replacement . this is the problem with software oligolopies ! an open source replacement is much needed for both tax prep and accounting . 
music neg 985.txt ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend 
software pos 124.txt a good choice for newbies that love adventure games . nancy drew 's games are perfect , fresh , relaxing , but also give you a lot of thinking some times 
software pos 238.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot ! 
camera pos 858.txt i love this camera ! i shake when i take pictures and this easter every picture i took came out perfectly ! there are so many options on this camera i am having fun just playing with it to see what all it can do ! i would recomend this camera to anyone who is looking for a high quality camera at a good price 
dvd neg 807.txt i bought this because i was familar with the space ghost show and liked it and the fact that this was 50% off . it is strange in an uncomfortable way and tends to be very long in parts 
dvd neg 405.txt i did n't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago , so i thought i 'd give it a try on dvd , as i 'm a big x-files fan . i watched two shows : " the beginning and the end " and " the dogs " . they were ridiculous and boring . i 'm done with millenium 
camera pos 405.txt this thing is great i just got it for a trip to seattle from hawaii . ( i know opposite ) but i was afraid when i had this default battery that came with my canon zr 500. ( which only last 45 min . ) but this one last at least 3 hours i love it . best buy for my camera so far , completely worth the $$$$ 
health pos 372.txt while a little dubious , i am know a believer- -really helps me get motivated and stay energized focused for my workouts . start with a single scoop and adjust as needed 
books pos 89.txt a refreshing look on software development and the many pitfalls you need to avoid . this book should be read by everybody involved in any software project but the simplest . in my opinion , a standard work . nevertheless , it needs to be handled with care . during ages , sw development managers have tried convincing their people to break out of the chaos , and plan their work . this book correctly warns for the opposite effects of believing that planning solves everything . some people might however read between the lines that no planning at all is the best practice . the book confirms what i and my successful colleagues found through experience and intuition : there is an optimal point of planning upfront . less harms because you do n't know where you are going , more ( too detailed ) harms because it takes away flexibility and it slows you down significantly . new to me was the use of queuing theory to point out what we see every day : too many features , under-resourcing leads to far bigger delays than human mind can ever guess . 
camera pos 695.txt i have had great luck with other opteka lenses , but i had to by a thread adapter . what is the thread size of this lens here ? i need to know before i buy . opteka , please put thread sizes of your lenses in the description . thanks ! 
health pos 182.txt i have not try proactive . the thought of buying something from an infomercial just does n't sit well with me . i , however , have tried many many products since my 20s till now ( i 'm 35 ) . i spent thousands of dollars on expense department store 's brands like clarins , seshiedo , dior , clinics , chanel , and prescriptives . i 've also religiously go to my derma every three weeks for the past ten years to have facials , extractions , and chemical peels . i tried perscription cream , oitments , pads , you name it ( even thought of laser ) . i have mild acne problem year round , and it only gets worst during that time of the month ( that 's when i 'd run out and try new products ) . three days ago i bought the zeno . i 'm going to return it . it did nothing to me accept thought it would burn me . i also bought acnefree and today i went back and bought another package to put in my gym bag . three days now , i 've noticed my skin cleared up ! i 'm amazed . i 'm not giving it a 5 star because my skin is not completely cleared . i 'll give it a try two more weeks and will update my rating if it improve . so far acnefree works for me 
software pos 180.txt i bought this cd for my two grandchildren for christmas . they have all the other nancy drew cd 's that are out and really enjoy playing them . they are a good interactive game to challenge their minds . i am sure this one will too 
health neg 546.txt this scale was off by about 10 or 15 pounds . i went to the doctor a few days after getting this scale and i was so relieved to find out that i was not 10 pounds heavier than i feared . do n't waste your money on a scale that wo n't give you an accurate weight 
books pos 552.txt i guess in this book you can see both the good qualities of ayn rand as well as some of her non-desirable traits . good gateway book before tackling on the big and long atlas shrugged 
software pos 123.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot ! 
books neg 813.txt sorry . i hate to pile on , but i must agree with lit teacher on this one . the thinking was sloppy and contradictory , and the writing was wooden , stiff , irritating . i bought it a few months back and hid it in a drawer until i could get around to it . i pulled it out today with a smile and high hopes . boy was i disappointed . i thought maybe i was having a bad day . maybe my concentration was off . so i pulled out truman capote . smooth as silk . so it was n't my fault . it was ron's . i finally decided to scan the book , and that revealed there was really nothing new here , nothing interesting . i wish i had not wasted the money . i must be more careful . but , as for this book , there is nothing i need to refer to later , so i 'm putting it in the trash . it is saturday evening . they will come on monday to take it and the other garbage away . roger 
books pos 416.txt private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $25 , 000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers 
software pos 199.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone 
books neg 801.txt the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity 
books neg 526.txt i was optimistic when i saw the title , but you know that old saying , " do n't judge a book by its cover . " the author has a few legitimate ideas , but any google search could come up with the same information in greater depth and better accuracy . she condemns saving animals from shelters and actually encourages people to breed animals to increase the pet population . she is no more a pet lover than i am a supermodel . her ideas are based solely on money . even if it encourages starting a puppy mill ( euphemistically referred to as a dog breeder ) . early in her book she mentions the titles of a few other books she recommends ( i have chosen not to seek them out ) , but she says do n't spend your money on them , just go to the library and check them out . if you insist on reading this book i give you the same advice . do not buy this book- -check it out from your local library ! then do google searches to get more in-depth , accurate information about any of the four decent ideas she did have , or come back to amazon.com and find a more specific book that can actually be of use . oh , and by the way , the world is already overpopulated with unwanted pets . encouraging people to add to the problem is morally reprehensible 
camera pos 942.txt we use our batteries a lot . no problems . works as advertised . 
music pos 402.txt this cd has alot of tight hits including : nann by trick daddy and who dat ' by j.t. money . there are too many good songs to name for this cd , those are the biggest i like and i like all the others too . i can practically just listen to the whole cd without stopping it , which usually never happens with other cd 's b / c u buy it for about 3 good songs and all the other songs are junk . but this cd has all the hip hop hits that it proclaims . i suggest anyone looking at this review or cd , to buy the cd . it 's worth it , definetely ! one last word is that you will have no regrets buying this cd at all i think in my own opinion.i am from st. louie and i am telling ya 'll to look out for a new group called nelly also , there hit single is already out & quot ; country grammar&quot ; and cd soon to be out . get that when it comes out to . peace out ya 'll 
software pos 10.txt i have been using adobe acrobat for a few years now . i 've used both their professional and standard versions . now , adobe has released acrobat 7. in this review , i will be discussing primarily the features of the standard edition . however , these features are also available in the professional edition . outside of the fact that the professional version has more workgroup-oriented and enterprise features , these programs are the basically same . i have noted any features available only in professional in this review . first , what is pdf and what can it do for me ? adobe 's pdf is now a universal format that allows you to preserve the look and integrity of your original documents - adobe pdf files look exactly like the original pages and fulfill requirements for electronic filing and document security . not only that , but you can share the files with anyone , whether on a pc or a mac . each pdf file has the graphics and fonts imbedded into the file . the user of the file does not have to have the same font set , nor even purchase adobe acrobat , because the reader version of acrobat is free ! new features in acrobat 7 * turn ms outlook email into searchable documents . this is a great feature . it allows you to effortlessly turn those old emails into the universal pdf format . acrobat 's searching capabilities make even searching through the longest emails easy and accurate . * attaching source files . previously , we have been able to create pdfs from spreadsheet and other formats . now , not only can you do that , but this new feature allows you to attach the documents with the pdf ! * improved browser . acrobat 's browser has been improved to make searching for documents easier . if you are familiar with the adobe photoshop browser , you 'll like the new upgraded browser in acrobat 7. * searching improved . the search feature has been improved when you are looking for files . it is easier to search for files , because now adobe has made the feature more friendly . you can search by document and text properties on your local computer or across your companies lan or wan networked drives . more about acrobat although many people are familiar with the acrobat reader program , they are not as familiar with acrobat itself . i consult will many business persons and they are just astounded at what acrobat 7 can actually do for their business . just the fact that you can collect and assemble output from different types of programs into on universal format floors them every time ! another great point about assembling the documents in acrobat is the compression factor . with acrobat , users are able to compress the original documents , thus saving space and making it more efficient to transmit the documents via email or internet downloads . this new version can now also create , and save " pdf / a " files for archiving and it allows users to scan paper documents directly into a searchable pdf file saving space and time . many companies around the country are making the jump to the " paperless " environment . acrobat 7 can definitely help . in fact , i know of an attorney 's office making great use of acrobat . they have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . in paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year . even legal documents can be approved , digitally signed and verified in acrobat . anyone concerned about the security of their documents has nothing to fear . acrobat 's security features including the ability to create self-signed digital ids are terrific ; no matter if you have pdf documents loaded on your website for downloading to clients or if you are emailing the files . for professional users , adobe has added a new feature called e-envelopes . with the new e-envelopes , user can package their pdf files in an encrypted wrapper and send those files securely via email . for company networks , adobe has also added support for your company-wide security policies using a new feature called lifecycle policy service . the granularity of the security allows the user to pick exactly what they will allow the recipient of the file to do like printing , copying , pasting and so on . many people are also surprised that acrobat is n't just for static documents . users can create interactive forms ( professional only ) as well . in fact , i know a client who is an attorney . they have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . in paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year . for cad and graphics professionals who work with 3d files , acrobat 7 ( professional only ) can now convert these into pdf format for ease of viewing , whether in electronic or printed format . this will allow the users to quickly send their clients views of the 3d object in the universal pdf format without the purchase of additional software for the recipient of the file . another feature is the new licensing capability that adobe has added to acrobat 7. you can install the program and activate it on two separate computers , which is great if you work at home and at the office as well . need to install it on a third computer ? not a problem . the transfer activation feature allows you to transfer the license to another computer . to do this , deactivate one copy and transfer the activation via a simple menu command . if your computers have internet access , the change happens right away . this feature alone may save users money on purchasing multiple copies of the software . summary i would highly recommend this product to anyone in business . the easy of use and versatility of adobe acrobat 7 make it an indispensable tool , whether you are a legal professional , an it company , accounting firm , healthcare company or anyone else in business . this is one investment where the roi will definitely outweigh the purchase price of the software within weeks of normal use . the ability to go paperless and save valuable office space that is now gobbled up by filing cabinets , paper binds and closets alone should make the difference for almost any company . testing setup to conduct tests of the software , the following hardware was used : pc compatible system ( 2 ghz athlon processor , 512 mb ram , 30 gb hd ) epson scanner / fax / printer hp laserjet 8150dn printer for software tests ( conversion to pdf format ) , the following software was used : ms office 2003 ( word , excel , outlook ) photoshop cs loren elks group manager , d-mag.or 
camera neg 839.txt very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much 
dvd pos 980.txt i received this in a speedy manner . and it was in great condition . i would buy from this person again 
books neg 244.txt i have been a huge fan of michael crichton for about 25 years . however , this book is misleading and dangerous . almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem ( except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries ) . writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - mr. crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen , and provide plenty of " references " to support this premise . tragically , in the long term , global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust . i hope that someday mr. crichton recognizes that , in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining , he has enormous influence on people 's thoughts and actions through his books . there is a quote : " with great power comes great responsibility . " but in this case it would seem : " with great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet . 
books neg 931.txt a friend bought this book for my birthday - thank god i did n't pay for it . i 'm sure she meant well , as did many other friends who gave me a few guides for las vegas as i visited there for a holiday last month . all i can say is that out of all the travel books i had with me , this one was by far the most useless . outdated listings ( by a few years i would discover when i asked a few locals ) shallow writing and really off suggestions from this writer made this book a real stinker 
camera neg 8.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
camera neg 224.txt i purchased this for my 4 year old son because he loves to take pictures . i did n't want to spend a lot of money , however this product is way over priced for the quality and ease of use . not to mention after having it less than 24 hours it completely stopped working . however , when it did work every single picture was blurry . there is only one button for every option and it is very confusing . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it is being returned 
music pos 808.txt much improved voice , same great guitar . slow album , especially on his two remakes . country sound on no reason to cry ( beautiful solo ) . this cd would have been a 6 stars had he mixed in a thunderstorm to the background of gonna rain today 
health neg 408.txt i tried this product because i had been using arthred-g powder which was discontinued . this product did not mix well either when stirred or shaken and the taste is so offensive that i could not finish drinking it . it tasted and smelled rather like soap . if you used arthred-g you know it was easily mixed and did not effect the taste of the beverage . there is no comparison here ! ! ! i would totally avoid this product 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
dvd neg 845.txt i had heard of cannibal ferox for quite some time before watching it . i heard that it was the most violent film ever made . i enjoyed umberto lenzis eaten alive and thought this would be even better . i was dead wrong . cannibal ferox is a boring , unpleasent film that definatly doesnt live up to its infamous reputation . im not saying that cannibal ferox isnt gory or violent but i cant see how it was ever banned in 31 countrys . the few gore scenes are pretty effective , but that dosnt make up for the films many many flaws . if it was for giovanni lombardo radice[one of my favorite italian horror actors] starring in it , cannibal ferox would only earn 1 star . 
camera pos 483.txt got this camera because a friend had a similar one . the blue tooth feature is just great . you need a memory card to make if you want to take video 's and store a lot of photos . the video 's are not bad and pretty remarkable for a camera this size . all in all a great buy 
camera pos 891.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures 
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh . 
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did 
software neg 606.txt this was my first time to ever attempt using a software program to file my taxes . turbotax sounded easy enough . and it was pretty easy at first . the software interviewed me in an efficent manner and saved all of my information . but the final tax forms i needed to file with were not included on the cd-rom package . turbotax instructed me to get them by using " one-click update . " well after i update and attempt to restart the software , turbotax refuses to come up at all . i ca n't speak for this software on windows machines . but if you are using mac os x , i suggest you explore other options first 
dvd neg 48.txt someone wanted to make indiana jones part 4 , starring tom hanks and created a such puzzled labyrinth that i think the book author would n't be able to tell the whole story without looking into his notes . after watching this movie it leaves a bad taste in the mouth that you have vaisted 2 hours on nonsense . 5 stars for special effects 
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it . 
dvd pos 796.txt either you get on the train or you don't ... and as long as you continue to get on the train , you 'll grasp the meaning of christmas . the true meaning of christmas . but you have to be willing to get on . this movie was a great adaptation of the classic story . i must admit i was a tad bit wigged out by the animation . it was just oogey in some ways . realistic at times and , at other times , so unbelievably fake.. . i could n't decide if i liked the animation or not . still can't . but the story itself is worth the struggle i had with the animation . get on board ! you 'll be glad you did . 
music neg 695.txt the cat carol is the most depressing christmas song i have ever heard . not to ruin the ending for you but the cat dies ! did n't exactly put me in the holiday spirit 
camera neg 185.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
camera neg 605.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
dvd neg 942.txt when this movie starts it is so dark you ca n't even see anything . the only way you can know what is going on it to read what amazon tells you . after that it is just stupid . 
music pos 279.txt i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about ! 
music pos 988.txt i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits 
dvd neg 655.txt these 2 guys playing harry and lloyd were so disastrous . they did n't even know how to act corny when they 're supposed to . jim carrey might be crazy at times but i do n't think he 's this bad . the whole thing looked like monkeys flying around the screen . nevertheless , it has some funny moments like when jessica 's parents found all the poo sticking all over the toilet . the whole idea of a ' special class ' was just so stupid . nothing made sense . i did n't see a single point of the whole plot in the first place just to get a little extra cash . the first one was a lot better than this one . jim carrey and jeff daniels were a lot dumber and a lot funnier . these 2 were worse than dumb and were n't even funny at all . i guess ' dumb and dumberer ' would be better if it were still jim carrey and jeff daniels starring but nooo , it had to be these 2 who i do n't even know . please do n't watch it guys . it may be funny for some guys but it 's mostly corny like kindergarteners gone wild . watch the first one ! ! ! kirstie mabita 
health pos 520.txt i 've only had this scale for a short time , but so far so good . i 've found that in order to get a scale that is perfect or near perfect you have to spend a boat load of money . as someone before has mentioned the one drawback to this scale is that you have to set it back to zero every so often . i specifically wanted to get an analog scale for this reason , with an inexpensive digital scale , which is what i had last , you ca n't reset it like you can an analog . this scale is a great buy , for only $10 how can you go wrong ! 
software pos 213.txt this program is positively wonderful for word practice and pronunciation with a number of flash-card style game and a very elegant listen-record-replay interface . while the two characters do pronounce words slightly differently , hearing those variations really helps to understand the phonetics in a way that a single voice would lack . however , this really is more of a companion tool for a more traditional course . i purchased this with " colloquial icelandic " and would definitely recommend purchasing them together . there are some extremely strange spelling / pronunciation variations and without having a written explanation of these things , you may be left staring in great confusion as the characters read phrases on screen - - " hva " is pronounced " kwah ? " what ? having " colluquial icelandic " to turn to for explanation helped a great deal . that package has two audio cds of alphabet , number , vocabulary and conversation exercises with a very well-written 370 page coursebook . i gave this product a 5-star rating as it is superb for its intended purpose , but it does not stand alone as a complete course 
dvd neg 84.txt perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of lincoln 's various works , such as the sacred place , the messianic legacy , and holy blood , holy grail , or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books . the dvd will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books . however , it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about the da vinci code . the narrator , mr. lincoln , takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the languedoc , home to the cathar heresy and the albigensian crusade , and points out some interesting details in his wandering . yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture , and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture . as well , he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals ( many inspired , it would seem , by lincoln 's books ) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions . i finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark- --i cannot imagine what else mr. lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour . 
books neg 45.txt when i found " hour game " in paperback at our local library 's monthly book sale , i thought i had hit pay dirt . but i cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as " the winner " and " absolute power " could turn out such a dog . long , boring , and confusing . i fear that mr. baldacci hired an " aspiring young writer " to " help " him crank out a quick book . i cannot pass this book along to my friends - - i could n't do that to them . it will be tossed into our blue recycle bin . what a waste . what a shame . 
software pos 823.txt i have used this product for about 5 years . it is easy to use and alot cheaper than having your taxes done by someone else . i especially would recommend it to any small business owner 
software neg 221.txt everything has been said about this product . when it 's working , you 're happy . with my 8 version , almost everything was fine . with the 10 version , it 's a bloody nightmare . i 'm giving up , throwing my dazzle dvc150 to the junk and looking for another system to transfer my vhs to dvd . never pinnacle again 
health pos 805.txt omgosh i cannot tell you how much i love this straightener . it makes my hair so soft its like baby bottom soft or when u sand wood for a really really long time . i love it . i use it everymorning. . at night i use the wet setting to dry off my hair and then in the mroning i finish it off with the dry settting . but i also use sunsilk pink bottle 24 / 7 creme . its an absolute must-have . to the person who gave it one star. . maybe yours was a defect . im sure everyone else who has rated it so far loved it . did you straighten it section by section ? it doesnt work if you do it all at once . i recommend this straightener ! its not that expensive and also makes a great christmas gift . looks nice too . enjoy 
software pos 119.txt i run the after school program at the local jr high where i work . we try to push the importance of computer skills on the children . i just upgraded to the 800 , 000 clip art library . we use these images for just about every project . i have never wanted a certain type of image and not been able to find it ! ! ! 
dvd pos 865.txt this series is exactly what the english love about mystery and crime . it 's a tad bit dull compared to what we are used to with cop shows and series like " the shield " . that being said , this series is well done and does capture you over time . rather than individual crime stories , this series contains only one crime investigation . if you like drama and cop stories , this is a good one 
dvd pos 39.txt a terrific documentary . even if you have seen it on pbs , you need the dvd to view the great extra material 
dvd pos 102.txt very good film , hard hitting , emotional and i 'm sure some aspects really do happen ( although i have yet to witness much of it since i 've been in la 
music pos 89.txt this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down 
health neg 108.txt the product does not work as it is shown on tv . there are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy . the item was a gift that is now just gathering dust 
books neg 863.txt as a complete newbie to xml this was a good starter . as i got deeper into xml i found several mistakes / deficiencies in the book , and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about . for instance , the claim on page 86 that ( #cdata ) is a valid dtd element content definition is flat out wrong . his description of schema element declarations ( pp . 114-115 ) teaches that using globals / refs is the only way to define complex elements , and is inappropriate for his example . he makes no mention of globals at all , leaving the reader confused . i have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of xml information 
health pos 393.txt over the years , i have tried many different brands and types of heated rollers and i never liked using any of them . i recently bought a new set which i had to return due to the fact that i had a terrible time trying to roll my hair on the almost smooth surface of the rollers and then after clipping the rolls , they would immediately fall out of my hair....scream ! i bought the remmington #1080n wax core roller set and i have finally found the easiest and quickest way to curl my hair . the rollers surface , when warm , grab the hair ends immediately to allow great control when trying to roll even short hair . the rollers are held in place by a full clip which looks more like a comb so the clips do not leave a ridge in my hair . once heated , the rollers are relatively cool to the touch ( no more burned fingers ) but due to the wax core , the rollers hold plenty of heat and it takes just a few minutes after setting to produce excellent , long lasting results . the set takes about 10 - 15 minutes to warm up . i 've found the warm up time takes longer than the time i actually leave the curlers in my hair . this is the best curler set i have ever used . if i was to ask for one change , it would be a quicker warm up time . however , just the fact that rolling is so quick and easy , makes up for the few extra minutes of preparation . i 'm hard to please , so my recommendation says alot . thanks remmington ( i still do n't like your other regular rollers ! ha ) 
music neg 852.txt best of dark horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather george harrison 's greatest songs together . this time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989. while there are some good songs ( blow away , crackerbox palace , cheer down , etc. ) the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . where 's faster , this is love , someplace else , etc ? the only reasons to purchase this cd are for the rarities poor little girl , cockamamie business and cheer down . until they make a true best of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . here are the tracks needed : apple scruffs , my sweet lord , all things must pass , what is life , give me love ( give me peace on earth ) , living in the material world , crackerbox palace , blow away , all those years ago , dream away , cloud 9 , this is love , someplace else , got my mind set on you , end of the line , handle with care , cheer down , devil 's been busy , any road , rising sun . [dw] 
software neg 143.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable 
camera pos 868.txt though being a nikonist for years and knowing the possibilities of that camera i could never imagine the results and performance of this item , easy to handle , incredible small for the capacity and giving the same options to get the same quality of pictures than the d80.i have both 
books pos 504.txt this collection of plays is extraordinary . shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently 
music neg 946.txt well it was an obvious path to musical collapse , she should have stopped at tidal . if i 'd been dating her for the talent she showed on her first cd i would have broken up with her over this piece of haggis . the course of the last three cd 's drew a trendline right from stardom into a melodic pit . the lyrics on extraordinary machine were not only not up to their namesake but worse than the melodies . the number of great reviews on this site only go to prove once again the masses prefer pablum in lieu of something complex and cognitive . her original cd with it 's collection of diminished and augmented chords set to deep overlays of texturing , blended with truly poetic lyrics has been replaced with a distilled musical joke . what on earth gave her the impetus to try to go ' artsy ' by experimenting with music predating the second world war i 'll never know . it 's obvious her angst is no longer producing art , rather it is being replaced with contrived resolution and the equivalent of a musical epitaph . eat it up people , it 's all about not having to think . it 's the kind of tripe that happens when someone is trying to hard to think of how to outdo their first brush stroke of genius and is confronted with musical block . judging by the news her father is ruining her life and creativity as so often is the case in todays less than feminine half of the culture . 
software neg 849.txt let 's start with outlook interface . these are the exact words from their user manual : " act ! 2007 e-mail will work through microsoft outlook versions 2000 , 2002 ( xp ) or 2003. " so those of us with newer versions of outlook cannot synch the outlook email or calendar with act. what 's the point ? then what are you supposed to synch with your blackberry - outlook so you can get your calendar and email information or act so you can get your client database . the act email is so basic and primitive looking , you ca n't put attractive auto signatures on it . then they tell you that you can have one month of telephone support , but it 's only available during work days , not on the weekends . since i purchased the product on the weekend , i wo n't be able to speak with someone to ask for a full refund until monday . i 've used this product for 24 hours and i 'm giving up . what a waste of time and money . how does this company survive with such a bad product ? if anyone knows of a good crm program for a small business , please share . 
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s 
dvd pos 144.txt this movie is high in my top 10 off all times list , and is probably the best ' mainstream hollywood ' movie i can think of . i watched it for the 3rd or 4th time and it is just as enjoying , thrilling and suspenseful as it was when i saw it first more than 10 years ago . my 12 years old daughter watched it with me for the first time and enjoyed it just as well . great performance by all cast but especially hanks , paxton and beacon . probably ron howard best film ever 
software pos 858.txt the software is better than the previous family tree deluxe version i bought . it allows you to better classify potential matches and decide whether to look at them later or tag them if not interested . the merging process of two databases is easier and allows you to pick what info to merge or whether to keep some info as secondary 
camera neg 533.txt the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format , not mpeg-4. i bought one from ' egghead.com' . after 30 days , i contacted aiptek to tell them the problem , they acknowledged that the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format . they said there is nothing they will do about it . do not buy this product . aiptek advertises that the is-dv records video in mpeg-4 format , but it doesn't . ' egghead.com ' wo n't deal with me because they say i should deal with the manufacture after 30 days from the purchase date 
books neg 505.txt while this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses , i cannot recommend it to other readers . the author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical christianity . she battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel . indeed , in reading some of the chapters , it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a christian worldview that might veer in any part from republican platform positions . this is really too bad , because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions . i would not have begrudged her political point of view at all , had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position 
music pos 62.txt i 'm a huge matchbox fan and i listen to a collection of all 3 albums all day long . i never get tired of it ! rob thomas has such a powerful voice that it just beckons to me . his lyrics are soul searching and speak directly to me . what a great band ! what a great album ! what a great musical ride ! 
books pos 868.txt this book is great . a must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems . 
health pos 592.txt it cost a little more , but it 's worth it . it keeps the last 5 temperatures so you can compare 
software neg 433.txt everything the negative reviewers say is true and more . please note the following as well : 1. if you are a college student taking a class online that uses blackboard software , vista will prevent you from posting to the class discussion board and answering any fill-in-the-blank or discussion questions on tests ! to fix this download the foxfire browser ( free ) and use it to access your course . because vista uses so much memory and is already so huge , they had to drop quite a few little programs that software needs to access in the operating system . 2. huge memory and hard drive drain . look at this comparison windows xp professional size on drive 1.5 gig memory requirements 128 mb windows vista needs 15 gig to load . does not say how large the program is but i would n't think its small ! ! ! memory requirements 1 gig ! if you check the dell website you will see that they recommend that you have 2 gig of memory to use windows vista . that is a few $$$ worth of memory just to run the operating system while openning a program . try running a game or doing animation with that kind of a sink hole in your system ! the less memory you have available , the slower everything , including websites will load ( no matter how fast your internet connection ) what is worse is that to fix what is wrong with it ( ie replace all those small programs your software expects to find in the operating system ) , they will have to add patches that can only make it bigger and hungrier for memory ! this is the most pathetic excuse for an upgrade that i have ever seen . i would expect some lawsuits before this is over ! do not buy this product 
music pos 989.txt let me the say that the vocals on this cd may be painful at first , yet you get over them very quickly , except for a few spots . even so , they do not lower my score for the album , and at times are quite catchy . savage - good riffs , good solos , catchy , purely driven madness to start this insane album . 93 / 100 where my fortune lies - the intro is absolutely nuts , and the highlight of the song . probably my least favorite after this , yet the solos are still out of this world . 87 / 100 ninja - what a great song ! the intro is one of the greatest things i have heard in my life , and this song may actually have you humming along at points . ninja ! very well laid out , and the solos at the end are the best so far on the album . brilliance . 97 / 100 concerto - amazing once again , and becker the 17 year old prodigy showcases himself throughout . he proves he is the master of sweeping and arpreggios all over this album , and this song is an insane instrumental that captures melodies like none other . more notes played in 4 1 / 2 minutes than in george harrison 's entire career . 98 / 100 burn the ground - fastest on the album solo wise in fact becker is so fast it is hard to believe that its human . very melodic too except when there are vocals , the song is kinda of disgusting . 87 / 100 desert island -another amazing song very well laid out with great solos and great riffs . the outro is the perfect intro to speed metal symphony . the vocals are actually good on this song , like ninja . , an entertaining song . 97 / 100 speed metal symphony - nine minutes of shredding and arpreggios and all kinds of melodic madness that is beauty to any shredder 's ears . everything about this song is good . 97 / 100 there is n't much to say about this album except becker and friedman show they are true masters of their instruments and are able to play in a melodic and listenable way . i would recommend this over yngwie malmsteen , who has not improved since his first album 
dvd pos 994.txt i think a lot of people miss the power of this movie . to me this is a scathing view of how simple minded religious people are duped by ministries in this country . even though this was made some years ago before the advent of the infamous tv ministries today , the message is still clear . those who have only a simplistic relgious outlook are prey for the kind of charletans portrayed in this movie . this is certainly one of burt lancaster 's better roles , and he plays it with much guesto ! if we were to look at most of the popular ministers today we would find that many are from this dark kind of background . this movie has a strong message . do n't listen to the word of god from others . if you must believe in the wild stories of the bible , do so in your own way . do not sanction phoney churches and preachers with your time and money ! even in this modern day and age , the influence of this kind of hokem is still strong . mr. bush and the republican party used it as a means to seek re-election ! everyone who is a born again christian , or a church goer of any kind should see this movie and perhaps get a better understanding of what the religious industry is in this country . the ending of the film is perhaps a bit contrived , meant to imply the dangers of man assuming the powers of the almighty ( if there is one ) . still , a powerful film for its time and contains a worthwhile message for viewers today . 
camera pos 748.txt images from this camera are very high quality . the 18x optical zoom is very usable with only minimal distortion noticeable at the extremes . the optical image stabilization system ( based on stabilizing the ccd image sensor instead of lens elements ) is quite good and performed well under several different circumstances ( moving car , boat , shaky hands ) . my main gripe with this camera is the lack of high speed usb 2.0 support . the fine print says that the usb interface is " full speed " which means a maximum transfer rate of 12 mbit / s instead of the 480 mbit / s possible with high speed usb . so , downloading photos from the camera through the usb interface is painfully slow compared to most current generation digital cameras such as a canon sd900. the software provided with the camera is somewhat difficult to use and is slow and unresponsive . it would also be desirable if the camera could accept a lithium ion rechargeable battery in addition or instead of the 4 aa batteries it uses . but , battery life with both alkaline and rechargeable nimh aa batteries was adequate . 
music neg 473.txt unfortunately i was extremely unhappy after listening to the album . unlike many other altan fans , i view maireads singing as the weakest part of the groups appeal despite their having chosen some excellent songs over the course of their recording career . the problem is that on this album they emphasize her singing to the almost total exclusion of their instrumentals which was what attracted me to the group in the first place . and the few instrumentals they do play are played with no spirit almost like & quot ; well i guess we have to put a few instrumentals on&quot ; kind of effort . i 'm sorry , but she has a thin voice and is frequently shrill and off-key on many of their songs . she is however an excellent fiddler and that with the superb abilities of the other members and inspired arrangements made them for me the top irish folk group . alas they have decided to stress her poor-to-mediocre vocals instead of their great abilities in playing reels , jigs , etc. i miss frankie kennedy 's flute too . goodbye altan , your best day 's are over unless you revert to the format of the old days 
books pos 101.txt in this fully illustrated and remarkably brief book , hawking provides an overview of the state of theoretical physics at the dawn of the 21st century . the often dense text is supplemented by biographical details , witty asides , and ( especially ) luxuriously reproduced introductions . hawking covers a lot of territory in 200 pages ; he hopes to provide brief , non-intimidating summaries of recent concepts and new frontiers in science . there is astonishingly little text , and at times the pithiness , compactness , and occasional " cuteness " may work against readers ' understanding ; there 's perhaps too much shell and not enough nut here . some sections are so cursory that i suspect they will fail to make any sense at all to the untutored reader . ( this is especially true of several of the passages on imaginary time , event horizons , and brane world models . ) the text is aided greatly , however , by the beautifully rendered four-color illustrations . even if the concepts presented by these drawings seem fuzzy at first , the creativity and humor fused into moonrunner design 's artwork will attract , engage , and occasionally tease readers who might otherwise be frightened by the sight of a quadratic equation . overall , then , the book might have far more value as a refresher course for the beginner rather than as an introduction for the uninitiated . yet it 's certainly conceivable that somebody new to this material might be intrigued enough to explore these subjects further . if you 're looking for a book that will flesh out the concepts presented here , i strongly recommend ( as does hawking ) alan guth 's " the inflationary universe " or brian greene 's " the elegant universe . 
software pos 844.txt this remote works really well and it 's easy to create your own profiles for whatever application you use , or to customize it however you want . there is a good user community that is doing a lot of cool things with the firefly . set up is simple and the range is good . it " just works . " the only suggestion is that the buttons are not backlit so it 's hard to use in the dark . adding to that problem is that the remote is pretty much symmetrical so you can be holding it upside down and not really realize it . if it were n't for that i 'd give it five stars , and if they came out with a version that had backlit buttons i would n't hesitate to upgrade 
dvd pos 901.txt this dvd is one of the best i have seen . only britney spears live tops this in picture quality.ricki sings his best songs in front of new york city backdrop . he put alot of energy into this concert.the sound quality is the best and picture quality is also great . a little bit less fuzz on some objects would have been nice ! but still its great and colorfull with all the lights on stage 
music pos 474.txt stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome 
music pos 875.txt once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur 
camera neg 73.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
health neg 252.txt i was just given this set - new - and was impressed by the reviews . i 'm not sure if it 's just my hair , but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer . i figured i needed to work out the kinks and give it another try . again same look and that 's all the curl i have after 20 minutes . concept is good - just does n't work on my fine , full head of hair . if you want curl stick to the hot rollers . 
books neg 888.txt i forced myself to finish this book , though it was touch and go in several places , just so i could feel able to review it fairly . it seems i liked it even less than reviewer ms. trieste " cf " , below , but i am in general agreement with her points . there are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating " famous names " do n't really stand out for me . let 's see , where to begin : the naive political ranting , the unspeakable dialogue , the corny love interest , the wholly implausible technology , the absurd coincidences , the distractingly disjointed structure , the proliferation of minor characters , the talky explanations of the detective 's thought processes , the total incompetence and corruption of the police - i ca n't go on ; it 's hackneyed and poorly written , and that 's all there is to it . 
books neg 287.txt i was a philosophy major in college and i hated this book . but then again , the whole nambla fic genre really does n't do it for me . i 'm sure some literary aesthetes are going to pick this review apart , good for them . i 'm incredibly well-read and thought this one was just a tepid bore . save your time , read some dostoevsky , some dickens , some milton , ( ... ) 
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must . 
camera neg 268.txt last year , i purchased the 5600 as an upgrade from my nikon 2100. i am extremely upset over this purchase i have made , since it does not seem to take any good indoor pictures . the nikon 2100 takes much better shots inside . the indoor pics from this camera have an awkward yellow tint , and does not focus well . however , the outdoor shots are very clear and sharp . i tend to use this camera for all my outdoor pictures . the outdoor video works well on this camera too . i am giving this low one-star rating , since many events tend to be held indoors . this was definitely my final nikon purchase ever 
camera neg 288.txt it was not all there the part to put the camera on did not come and i need that to put the camera on so please it for a c875 camera please think you w.b 
books neg 260.txt i agree with a number of previous reviewers . grimassi stretches a poor understanding of historical context to fit into what he bounces between & quot ; wicca&quot ; and & quot ; witchcraft&quot ; . wicca is not an old religion , indeed it is not much of a religion at all . it has always lacked definite theology ( what is the saying about ask three wiccans what they believe and you 'll get four answers.. . ) and grimassi does more damage than good by presenting historical materials is non-scholarly lights . in fact , the book is poor on all accounts . from confused terminology to & quot ; chopping&quot ; of source materials . this is a waste of money 
health pos 745.txt they had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and i stayed at and i fell in love with it ! i had to have one of my own and thanks to amazon i was able to find one . this is an excellent product . my husband installed it easily and i would never be without one again . one side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good , lol , and eyelining is a breeze . though he would never admit it , my husband uses also ( trimming mustash , nose hairs ( eewww ) , shaving , etc. ) great product . order one . you will not be dissapointed ! 
software neg 521.txt this is an example of a large company pertpetrating fraud on the people who buy its products . i bought my son an ipod for christmas . unfortunately he could not use it to download from itunes on his 4 yr old mac powerbook computer . he needed to buy the newer ( tiger ) operating system . so another [...] to buy this operating system . he has been unable to install it on his powerbook.both of us have spent over 4 hours on the phone with mac tech support ( hah ! ) and have found no solution . finally they told us to bring it in to an applestore ( three hour drive away ) which we did , only to be told that it would cost [...] for them to even look at it . i hope no one else has to suffer like we have just because you bought an ipod 
software neg 246.txt i have used ms streets and trips 2005 and 2006 for over a year . it has some map errors that i wish were updated . i read that the delorme street atlas was far superior , so i bought it . it only took one day for me to find a mountain of problems . not only is the mapping way out of date ( many years ) microsoft streets and trips 2006 maps are far more up to date . on many occasions told me to turn the wrong direction on roads even when the road does n't exist in that direction . it does n't even know the name of some very old roads displays.. . " unknown name " while driving on very old established roads it tells me to turn onto a road that is actually an elevated overpass that i am driving 30 feet below . the program actually wanted me to get back on the freeway by making a u-turn from an off ramp to an on ramp . i have used microsoft streets in all of these same areas and it is much more usable . the delorme is very confusing and frustrating . i 'm sending it back for a full refund 
health neg 420.txt i had bought this heating pad previously for an elderly cat because it did not have automatic shut-off and it works wonderfully . i just bought another one for our sickly kitten and they have added an automatic shut-off valve that they do not mention in the product description ! i wanted a heating pad without automatic shut-off ! i can get a heating pad with an automatic shut-off anywhere 
health neg 6.txt the best thing i can say about the test is it took 13 days to receive my results . the actual results varied greatly from those i received from my doctor 3 months prior : ( ... ) both tests were taken following a 12-hour fast . all instructions were followed . i find it hard to believe my cholesterol levels changed so drastically in 3 months . i contacted biosafe customer service . all representatives were busy on my first call so i left a message , which was not returned . i called again and was able to speak to someone right away . the customer service person was very pleasant and took a lot of time explaining how accurate their tests were and how results from different testing methods ( finger prick vs. blood drawn from arm ) will vary " slightly " . ( ... ) i question the accuracy of the biosafe results . 
software neg 477.txt i 've been using spysweeper for 2 years now . it generally does what it is supposed to do . however , it was nearing time for me to renew . spysweeper becomes a huge , irritating nag when it comes time to renew . not only does the software bug you all the time , but webroot sends out reminder e-mails too . with 3 weeks left on my subscription , i decided to renew , mostly just to get rid of all the nagging . well , guess what ? - the renewal process reset my expiration date . rather than giving me 3 weeks plus 1 year , the renewal starts immediately , and ends in exactly 1 year - which means , that i 've been ripped off for 3 weeks of paid subscription . maybe webroot thinks their users are too stupid to notice this deceptive practice of moving up renewal dates . i 've complained to them - and if they do n't make amends , then i cannot recommend this product to anyone 
books pos 57.txt brilliant . sam harris portends the calamitous pathway that irrational , divisive thinking ( religious & secular ) will cause . he also spells out the necessary suggestions and goals for humans to evolve to the point where we 're globally not at risk of suffering due to anachronistic prejudices 
music neg 635.txt this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king 
books neg 382.txt communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history , responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people . this book ( which started it all ) holds at least much of the blame . communists were and still are a threat to the free world , and communism is a slave system . some " intellectuals " actually support the tired mantras of marx 's philosophy , whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who have n't seen enough sunlight , i do n't know . in any case , if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property , and is totalitarian and slave-driving ( the government owns everything , including you ) . and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up . pol pot , mao , stalin ( of course ) , etc etc...who are these people kidding 
books pos 599.txt this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates 
books pos 970.txt for someone like myself that is new to selling and licensing art , this book is so informative . i am so glad that i bought it . it is also a good reference book to keep on hand . i recommend it . 
health pos 977.txt this is a good massager that can hone in on the pressure points . the knob is a little large for getting at specific reflex spots , but generally does the job 
dvd pos 759.txt this movie is very simple , and unique . it 's the kind of love story which you really believe in while you 're watching because it does n't feel phony . this can be credited to the acting , the situation , and the plot as well . this is n't about a man falling madly in love with a beautiful woman and then spending his life missing her . that 's all been done , and that 's what makes this film a breath of fresh air . river phoenix shows why he is missed by so many , and really allows you to connect with his character . i recomend this to anyone who wants to see love put to true art , and be touched at the same time 
dvd neg 531.txt i saw this movie about two weeks ago and i ca n't believe how disappointed i am for this . i was expecting fireworks ; instead i got a truckload of bad karma on my head . not only that but it maybe the most over-the-top film i ever saw and it will be on my list of the worst movies i ever saw . to begin with half of the characters die in this film and i was like ' what is the meaning ? ' then there 's the film 's signature moment in which sinatra wakes up from his nightmare and they do it in such a matter that they put his face right at the camera . again i said to myself , ' what 's the point ? ' and then there 's the chilling climax which would be totally ripped off a year later by the kennedy assassination-from the scoped rifle right down to james gregory 's character getting shot in the head . in one of the documentries to this dvd director william fredkin says that there is no doubt this movie caused lee harvey oswald to kill president kennedy because ' oswald realized that he was raymond shaw . ' if he 's right that raises the question : did he do it by his beliefs or did someone push him over ? then fredkin ends his obseravation by saying that the release of " the manchurian candidate " and the death of president kennedy are the two events that made the 1960 's what it is and why people today ( including me ) are still obessed with that decade . in conclusion , i think this was a big disappoinment . and this movie is on the list of afi 's 100 greatest films ? please . 
books neg 622.txt too much wrong information in the text . photo captions = hit or miss . altogether : unreliable . take your needs elsewhere 
books neg 661.txt i found two paperbacks at work , which were both thriller series , both written by women , both having two word titles with the first word being " blind . " one of the two i found exciting and satisfying , and eagerly read it . that was not this book . at first , i thought it was just me . unlike others , i found it easy to get into the book . but i found it too new age for me . between eve talking to her dead daughter to the creepy aldo to jane 's connection with the murdered cira , i decided i did n't need to read the whole novel and checked to make sure jane and trevor survived . maybe this was n't iris johansen 's best book . but i 'm not going to be trying any of her others , based on this one 
dvd neg 621.txt i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ? 
books pos 520.txt the working notes of this book are utterly staggering in their implication to ontology . what is being ? merleau answers in the manner of lao-tse , and alludes to something like a divine-feminine at the heart of wild perception . it was said by sartre in his autobiography & quot ; situations&quot ; that after merleau 's mother died who was like a & quot ; goddess&quot ; to him merleau returned began the project anew . what is intimated in the working notes is invaluable to the true student of philosophy and life . and in the end , merleau returns to the very object of his study . you can really feel this descent at the book nears its end . it is , however , an ascent of the entirety of the history of philosophy to a new level of comprehension . that i assure you 
dvd neg 378.txt die hard fans of writer-director david cronenberg may find funny dialogue and grotesquely engrossing scenes in this sci-fi horror tale . that accounts for so many 5 star ratings by other reviewers . that was not my reaction to this film . it was slow , uninteresting and the ending was a disappointment . i give it only 2 stars . the characters stumble through a virtual role playing game and pretend they are.. . gamers . duh . cronenberg needs more than ideas for his next film , he needs a good script and actors who are more suited for their roles . william defoe is completely miscast as a gas station attendant . jennifer jason leigh 's wardrobe looks like retro-1980's . jude law does well except for a couple of unexplained accent changes . beware of the tag line that says existenz " makes the matrix look like child 's play . " this film is no where near the caliber of the matrix . if you are not a cronenberg fan , i recommend that you pass on this dull film 
health neg 857.txt first of all i was very disappointed when i received my waterpik cf-203c cascadia showerhead . it is all plastic ! i do not recall seeing that anywhere in the product specs . i thought when i oredered a chrome finish that it was some form of metal . sedondly , even with the head made of plastic , the plasic flexible hose is not strong enough to support it . we could not use it because the hose would just hang there and spray the wall . we installed it repeatedly , following each step of the instructions every time , thinking we were missing something . i eventually returned the showerhead to amazon 
music pos 354.txt loreena has a pure talent for weaving melody music and words together . her song the highwayman is absolutely astounding to be able to put the old poem into music melody and verse is quite amazing 
books neg 378.txt this book is out of rint for one reason , it is terrible . i am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says . she blames p&amp ; g for the destruction of the environment , mistreating employees , the role of women in society and racism . p&amp ; g has done many things wrong , most big companies have , but it is not the cause of the fall of western society 
software neg 689.txt i 'm good with computers and have used other architectural software , and this was most disappointing . in fact , if i had not bought this on amazon , i would have returned it to the local retail store with huge complaints . it was difficult to install- -buggy . it had problems rendering a drawing and would often lock up . the " objects " that you pull from its library can sometimes be opened and resized- -and sometimes cannot . hardly intuitive at all . also disappointing was the way multiple stories did not synch up . i had reasonable expectations for this software , but wish i had bought something else . for $10 it would be a good purchase . for anything over that , you are wasting your money . try another product , a demo first , or something . but in my opinion this was a big waste of money 
camera neg 243.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
health pos 78.txt i finally received this product in the mail after knowing about it for a year . i ca n't say i 'm a huge fan of deepak chopra . he presents some good ideas , but from what i can tell he seems to consider meditation to be more of a mechanism for mind and body control , leading to bliss and relaxation , rather than a tool for unbiased self knowledge , to come to terms with all the things that one rather might ignore . i find this bias is reflected in the game . as a game in itself , it is pretty good - its graphics and its originality - and learning to relax and chill out may be useful for some people . i did n't find the process as compelling as i expected , though . i found i was able to learn some of the skills pretty fast , and other places i seemed to get stuck . one potential drawback is that if you get frustrated , and try to start forcing things to happen , it can defeat the purpose of meditation . the science of biofeedback is fairly new , and i can see its potential in the field of preventative health . i just would n't put the same new age spin on things as chopra does . 
music pos 576.txt what a wonderful and diverse cd . sit in front of a fire on a rainy day with a nice glass of oregon pinot noir in your hand . close your eyes relax and let the sounds of liebert surround you . his talent is evident in the expressions as he 's playing . the guitar seems an extension of his own form , not a separate instrument . 
books neg 723.txt grudem seems to have a very distorted and confused vision of christ . we can only hope that evangelical become more like christ . jesus was the first real liberal and the most radical of liberals . if jesus of nazareth was anything , he was an extraordinary friend of the down - trodden , definitely a liberal , whose advocacy on their behalf so infuriated the ultra-conservative religious and political leaders of his day that they had him killed to prevent the public from hearing the very liberal teaching that you will see quoted abundantly in jesus ' own words on this web site ! those who actually know what the bible says about the life and teaching of jesus recognize that far from being like jesus of nazareth , today 's " religious right " are much more like the kind of clerics who battled this revolutionary prophet from the day he opened his mouth until the day they had him nailed to a cross . although these people claim to represent jesus christ , they rarely quote his teaching or follow his example . what they do instead is use his name ( " in vain " ) to promote their ideas , ideas which jesus himself did not teach , and might well have opposed . 
books neg 316.txt i love other preston / childs books so i thought i would love this one . i didn't . it is completely predictable . i was sure that the author would give it some interesting plot twists , but there were none . and parts of it were ridiculous : the length of the entombment , the amount of the treasure , the manner of transport , etc. the only character i really liked was the monkey 
health neg 459.txt i got this as a gift for my husband . he used it for about 3 weeks , but still had red marks , and had to follow up afterwards with a regular " disposable " razor . the whole process of shaving took twice as long as disposable razors and was n't as good . luckily , braun had a 30 day money-back guarantee , so we were able to return it ( minus shipping x 2 ) 
books pos 972.txt interesting . i never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions . i 'll be growing some next year 
health pos 863.txt as a reviewer of the hitachi magic wand , i can say that this accuvibe seems just as adaquate to do the job , the plus is that this can be used with or without the power cord . perhaps just not as powerfull as the hatachi but pretty dam comparable if not the same , the cordless battery operation is worth the trade off . as mentioned it does the job 
dvd pos 76.txt i really enjoyed this film , basically the coen bros . homage to the film noir genre . ( i always thought the name was funny , since it 's french , and yet most of famous directors were german , like fritz lang , otto preminger , etc. : - ) ) . the sure hand of the brothers with this material is shown in how the film unfolds with the cool , unhurried , nonchalant pace of an experienced private eye or gumshoe doggedly stalking his prey . thornton is great in the lead as the reticent , phlegmatic barber , and if anything , he is even more convincing with hair than without- -even his hairpiece is 50s-ish . : - ) the whole cast does a fine job in their roles , and both gandolfini and shaloub have a couple of show-stealing scenes . i found the film 's climax a complete surprise , as the tables turn unexpectedly on the barber , for whom everything seems to be working out up till then . overall a great film and probably one of the coen bros . best . if you 're a coen bros . fan you wo n't find this one a disappointment . 
software pos 694.txt this product is amazing . after learning my husband was taking me to mexico for our 25th anniversary , i was nervous about going into a foreign country without knowing any spanish . this game is amazing . it is the fastest way to learn a language without the long drawn out grammar explanations . afterall , i just wanted to learn the basics , phrases for restaurants , banks , airports , shopping etc. this game was so much fun , you could n't tear me or my husband off the computer . we kept wanting to play because learning was so much fun . the phrases i learned contributed to a much more enjoyable trip and now i have enrolled at the local community college to further my spanish . this product is perfect for any one travelling and wanting to learn the phrases and colloquial expression fast 
dvd neg 998.txt i purchased this movie without reading the reviews , based only on my fondness for older movies and the other movies i 've seen the two main stars in . this movie was awful , and the sad part is , there were sooooo many opportunities to save the movie all throughout . the acting was obviously overdone on purpose , i just wish i knew why - it did n't come off as funny or as a satire if that was the intent . in the end - i threw out the dvd so as not to accidently subject someone else to it 
software neg 303.txt i bought omnipage 15 yesterday morning as a download , and have been trying to activate it ever since . after several calls to customer service , forty minutes on hold to speak with a tech rep ( who emailed me two links that do n't open ) , i 'm no closer to being able to use this program . it seemed to work okay in the few intro uses allowed before you had to activate to continue , but even then it kept wanting to reload with every page i scanned in . the product might be a good one- -i 'm not a fair judge of that- -if only you can get it to work . as others have pointed out , tech support is expensive . if my experience is any measure , it 's also worthless . customer service is unresponsive , unpleasant , and unprofessional . in one call to customer service , i was asked if i typed the letters in the serial number as capitals and the o 's as zeroes . when assured that i had , several times , she replied , " then i ca n't help you- -call the tech department , " and abruptly hung up . to add irritation to insult , in the forty minutes i was on hold with the tech department , i listened to repeated assurances that a " reepersentative " would be with me shortly . not recommended . 
software neg 19.txt there 's a reason why this stuff is significantly discounted . this is definitely one of the worst products i have ever bought . i did not do much research . i think the data may be in there , but i could not learn how to make it work . the interface is horrific - unusable . do n't do it 
camera pos 527.txt the binoculars were suprisingly lightweight for their size and power . the 70mm lens were great at light gathering , and the 4.75 mm exit pupil provide more light than most adults can use . ( the avg . is 3-4 mm ) with a good strap is easy to wear for long periods and excellent for long distance terrestrial viewing or general astromical use . you really need a tripod to use the full power effectively , but for short periods those with steady hands can enjoy the binocs on the fly 
camera pos 117.txt i have had this bag for a year and recommend it . i use it all the time . it 's a great walkaround bag . the first time you 're in a place where you want to get to your camera quickly or do n't want to put your bag down you 'll appreciate the sling design . just be aware for a long mountain hike you may feel the weight on your shoulder after some time . my only error was getting the 100 - i should have gone with the 200 , and plan to do so . i like to keep my lens hood in place which requires a little more room . i 'd also found that i need a little more room for non-camera things . a word on the all-weather cover - a great feature . a few weeks ago i was in bermuda and walked to a beach about 25 minutes away . just as i arrived a soaking rain began that did n't let up for the entire walk back . if i had n't been able to pull on the cover my equipment would have been soaked . now i would n't buy a bag without one 
music pos 594.txt this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys / mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note 
software neg 704.txt i made the unfortunate mistake of reading fantastic reviews for this product and trying it out myself . i went online and purchased the program , downloaded , and installed on my pc . installation worked perfectly . i ran a scan and it even found viruses that mcafee missed . however , any program that used the internet now freezes or takes forever to load . after closing web browsers i have to restart before my pc recovers . i unistalled the program and now everything works great . i 'm shopping somewhere else for my antivirus needs 
camera pos 350.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . i use this filter on my 50mm f / 1.8d lens and on my 18-55mm lens . 
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure . 
camera neg 740.txt i got to the tip of alaska , and none of the four batteries worked no power ! i missed getting a day of once in a life time pictures . david highe 
software pos 950.txt voice recognition software continues to improve . i 've been using versions of this software since 1998 and can see significant improvements in the voice recognition technology over that period . before investing in this software , though , check carefully the specifications of your pc . the faster the processor and the more ram you have , the better the results . the software will run on the minimum specification identified , but it may not run fast enough to satisfy the needs of some us . this software is useful in many circumstances . many of us can speak faster than we can type and many of us compose as we type . the software can be used with a range of email clients as well as in word processing and other software . you can , as it claims , obtain reasonable voice recognition results with a few minutes of set up and training . but for optimal use , and the best return on investment , consider using the voice command capabilities to drive other software . this takes more effort initially but can deliver significant benefits . i 'll be buying a new pc before i look at upgrading this software . highly recommended . jennifer cameron-smit 
health pos 225.txt i looked long and hard for a heating pad that did not need plugging in or hot water poured into it . this is perfect - just zap it for two minutes in the microwave and set it where the you need it...ahhhh ! pure happiness ! a definite must have 
dvd pos 902.txt it seems to me there 's a certain type of photographic quality in most of the 80s movies that sets them apart from any other era . i 'm not arguing it 's either better or worse than others , it just feels different and very distinctive . in this light , " wall street " reminded me vividly of " no way out " for instance - which happens to be from 1987 as well - and several de palma films . do n't ask me why . it just does . useless considerations apart , " wall street " , directed by always controversial oliver stone , pictures the almighty frenzy in corridors of high finance where no one has a chance to fade away . they always burn out , in a snap of fingers . and bigger they are , harder they fall , right ? the story in itself is nothing new or previously unseen , featuring a bright young " sport " , bud fox ( played by charlie sheen ) who happens to have a lot of potential but is not exactly happy with his stock broker life . he wants more , and hotshot gordon gekko ( michael douglas ) is another broker who embodies everything he wants to become - powerful , vicious , influential and a sure winner . by sheer force of will and unprecedented persistence , bud sneaks into gekko 's office and tries to prove his value to him . from here on the bulk of the movie shows us the average - but rather well executed in this particular instance - story of the young proteg who rises to the top at breakneck speed until , unexpectedly , something shatters his bond to the master . something that hits home and makes bud question his beliefs . what this is and how it plays out is the very heart of the movie , so i 'll let that for you to find out if you did n't see it yet . all the acting is quite superb , especially the relationship between gekko and fox . martin sheen - who is charlie sheen 's father both in real life and on the screen - is particularly compelling as a man who believes in hard work , not selling out and not letting others - and yourself - down . he reminds me of donald sutherland simply because he also seems to have that ability to outshine everyone whenever he 's on screen a couple of minutes at a time . if you like high finance intrigue , big guys pulling the strings on each other , twists and turns , then " wall street " is probably essential . and it will probably give you an excuse to read sun tzu 's " the art of war " 
dvd pos 139.txt warner herzog 's " grizzly man " won the director 's guild award for best feature documentary , but the people who pass out oscars apparently did n't agree . " grizzly man " was not among this year 's nominees for best documentary . many of herzog 's narrative films , such as " fitzcaraldo , " deal with man 's attempt to challenge the indifference of nature , so " grizzly man " is not a departure by any means . herzog 's heroes are often obsessed with accomplishing some mysterious , even bizarre , goal . timothy treadwell 's fixation is on grizzly bears . " i am one of them , " he is heard to say . he survived in the wild , accompanied by a video camera , and , on at least one occasion , by a girlfriend . , living among the most dangerous beasts in the world whom he apparently believed he was protecting . " animals rule , " he said , fist defiantly pumping in the air . " timothy conquered . " treadwell became a minor celebrity during his life , appearing once on david letterman 's cbs show , but he aspired to more . before letting his love of animals consume him , he tried his luck in hollywood . he got an agent , and auditioned for tv and movie roles . he was , he told his parents , second choice for the bartender role on " cheers " which went to woody harrelson . missing out on that opportunity left him " crushed . " what really drove treadwell ? he reminds me of fey little carson on " queer eye for the straight guy , " and as he openly mentions that it 's easier to be gay than straight , i wonder if he was homosexual but unable to deal with his orientation , transferred his love of men to the roughest trade imaginable : grizzly bears . " i like girls , " he volunteers , but then he mentions various cruising places - truck stops , men 's rooms - in such a way as to make me think he had personal experience haunting these kinds of homosexual hangouts . he was also an alcoholic . were his wilderness adventures an escape from passions he was emotionally and psychologically unprepared to pursue ? those who are seen offering their remembrances of treadwell never allude to his sexuality . they describe a man whose life is ruled by a naive , hippy , new age approach to nature and who died as a result . the bears , to whom he gave names like " mr. chocolate " and " tabitha , " need protection , he said , and he was their self-appointed caretaker . others suggest that , despite his good intentions , he did more harm to the animals than he could have imagined . after treadwell was eaten by a bear , the animal was shot and its remains became a feast for other forms of wildlife . shooting a bear because he eats a man is comparable to shooting the customers at kfc for eating chicken . what is a bear supposed to do with a human who invades his turf ? treadwell was an intruder . one mans saystreadwell made the mistake of thinking these were people in bear suits . but treadwll knew these were animals . trouble is , his knowledge of animals seemed to have been learned from disney cartoons . the universe , director herzog says , is ruled by hostility , chaos , and murder . treadwell had a different philosophy . " is n't that sad ? " he squeals in his high-pitched girlish voice as he observes a bee who apparently expired while doing " his pollen thing . " " i love that bee , " he says . partially financed by the discovery channel , " grizzly man " is superficially a nature documentary about a man who loved wildlife so much that he felt at home among the bears and wolves more than he did his fellow humans . but it 's also a portrait of a highly disturbed man who admits he was treated for manic depression but rejected medication to control the condition because , he admitted , he needed those soaring highs and crushing lows . he also needed to record his solitary life on video . we see him crying as he pets a wolf , laughing when his command that god make it rain seems to have been obeyed , and arrogantly blasting the humans whom he perceives as the enemy of the animals . what we do not see is his final encounter with the bear that ate him . mercifully , the lens cap was on the camera when he was attacked . the camera was running , though , and treadwell 's screams , and the screams of his girlfriend , were recorded . out of respect for his family , herzog does not let the audience hear these recordings . instead , we see him listening to the audio , and his reaction ( telling one of treadwell 's friends that she must never listen to it , just as she must never see the coroner 's photos of the aftermath of the attack ) , is possibly more effective than including the obviously horrific sounds in the film . " i had no life , " treadwell said of his days before he began to frolic with ferocious beasts . " now i have a life . " that life is memorialized in herzog 's film . brian w . fairbank 
dvd neg 358.txt this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking " auntie zoe , what does that mean ? " when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo ! 
camera pos 438.txt this is the perfect camera for me . i take alot of close-up detail shots and the images come out great . it is smaller than my old g3 ( which i loved , but was pretty chunky ) 
dvd neg 540.txt while visiting some family in utah a few years ago we decided to rent a few movies to pass the unforgivably hot mid-summer weather . we ended up renting " analyze that " and boy , what a mistake that was ! we were expecting at least a mildly funny sequel to 1999 's " analyze this . " the potential was there , it 's not as if writers ( of course it 's never a good sign to see numerous writers ) peter tolan , peter steinfeld , and harold ramis did n't have decent material to work with ; robert deniro , billy crystal , lisa kudrow , and a funny and entertaining plotline regarding mobsters and therapy . however , this being hollywood and all , another sequel was botched . it 's because of movies like these that sequels have such a bad reputation . despite a few genuine laughs in the first twenty minutes or so regarding deniro and some " fish out of water " situations , the movie seemed to go downhill soon after . the jokes became few and between as the film laboriously plowed its way through an over-the-top heist setup and execution that felt about as inspired as " crossroads . " now either they ran out of jokes , they did n't have enough time to invest in an actual story , or the material itself has been played out in so many different ways already ( " the sopranos " , " the whole 9 yards " , " mickey blue eyes " , etc. etc. ) , that there was simply nothing left to write about 
software neg 351.txt i have used the zonlabs firewall for several years . it works fine . i can not say the same for the security suite . the antispam function does not update definitions and zonelabs tech support know they have a problem . they are working on it but no date for a fix . do not buy this software until all the bugs are fixed . 
dvd pos 143.txt i absolutely loved this dvd . i saw in on tv , but wanted a permanent edition for my ' supes ' collection . i highly recommend it for anyone interested in the history of superman , its origins and where he fits into our culture today . it 's great 
dvd pos 591.txt this jet li movie is thus far the best movie since shaolin temple as younger jet li . its awesome surreal fighting creates this epic feel to the whole genre of martial arts fighting . jet li has never been so swift and so passionate in this movie . it has laughter , suspense , compassion , and innocense . the most spectacular scene is the dual fights with his son doing foot to shoulder cambat against the witches pawn . this film is highly recommended to those who love jet li and crouching tiger , hidden dragon . an excellent movie to add to the jet li collection 
dvd pos 966.txt david lean 's " the bridge on the river kwai " like jean renoir 's " grand illusion " is an anti-heroic war film , set in a prisoner of war camp environment.. . but there , the point of resemblance came to an end.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " is an adventure film in which the nature of world war ii is explored.. . and if in " grand illusion " the characters were described by a great artist who treasures their common humanity , in " the bridge on the river kwai " they are forced to carry out their destinies by an officer who cannot bear to see his bridge blown up.. . escape is almost impossible from the japanese camp located near the kwai river in burma.. . the prisoners are badly treated by cruel guards.. . the camp commander is a rigid psychopath.. . conditions are hard to bear.. . psychological state of the war british prisoners in constant alteration.. . into the presumptuous situation comes colonel nicholson ( alec guinness in a fascinating performance ) , a strict , serene , dedicated british officer , deeply concerned for the welfare of his men.. . nicholson is under severe pressure from the stubborn japanese colonel saito ( sessue hayakawa ) for insisting on his attachment to the geneva convention and refusing to allow his officers to be used on the construction of the strategic bridge.. . nichilson survives the oppressive punishment imposed on him , but his obsession has risen to near-madness.. . he agrees to help the japanese build their bridge , and in his determination to find victory in defeat , he ignores that the bridge , which he insists must be a ' proper bridge , ' will serve the japanese objectives against the british troops.. . in addition to the powerful rules of a prison camp picture , captors against captives and an interesting moral respect to a military code , a third element , in the story , is introduced : a small commando team led by major warden ( jack hawkins ) and an american sailor ( william holden ) whose mission is to destroy the strategic bridge. . the film leads swiftly to a suspenseful climax : a japanese train and a commando force directed to a same goal , the brige of the river kwai.. . each character , in the motion picture , has a valid reason for what he is doing , and each elaborates a relationship to the bridge revealed to be obsession and insane.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " hits with ' war ' in a compelling logic of events , the indulgence of self-destruction . with a great visual beauty and terrific whistling tune march , " the bridge on the river kwai " is a great dramatic entertainment of the wills of men.. . 
music neg 163.txt as much as i have been a lifelong fan of black moon and buckshot in general this album just lacked the ironically titled " chemistry " between buckshot and 9th wonder . the beats were a bit lackluster and boring and rides that razor thin line of boring and laid back with most of the beats raiding the boredom zone . they are working on a part two so i hope they take their times to create something permament rather than something disposable as this album was . 
health neg 850.txt this thing comes with lots of attachments , of which i regularly used only 2. the vibrating cuticle pusher is silly . as far as all those round discs , it 's hard to explain the physics of this , but suffice it to say that since it 's a rotating circle , you can only use half of it at a time or you 'll experience a bump-bump-bump . the thing rotates at such a speed ( even the lowest of the two speeds ) that even leaving on your toe or finger for a moment or two can create a burning sensation . what i did use was the smallest pointed attachment , which i used to lightly go around my nail close to the cuticle . this was good for when you 're wearing clear nail polish and your nails are starting to grow out . you can lightly buff down that ridge of polish . same goes for the edge where acrylic meets the natural nail . the other attachment i used , though less frequently , is the bigger cone-shaped one ( kind of looks like the shape of a foam ear plug ) . that i used to lightly go over my largest toenails to thin them down since i have trouble with ingrown toenails . again , it 's a challenge not to create burn when doing so . the nail dryer thing is silly and useless . if you manage to cram your hand into that little scoop without smudging the polish , it does n't do much anyway to dry your nails any faster than just letting them set . buy a little fan like they use in the shops if you want faster drying time . this thing is n't gonna do it . other folks mentioned this thing ruined their nails . it 's likely because they tried to use all of the attachments ( which you 'd think you should be able to do , right ? ) . much regular buffing on your nail thins it down and weakens it too much . the bump-bump-bump of the round attachments likely does n't help , either . a couple times i used this for acrylic nails . i have a tendency to wear acrylic nails a few weeks and then hate them and want them removed- --and i 'm no longer willing to subject myself to the soak-and-pry method done in the nail salons . so the alternative was soak at home , or just trim down myself and then thin them to a more natural curved shape until the rest of the acrylic grew out . however , i mention i did this only a couple times . that 's because apparently acrylics are a bit too much of a challenge for this little " deluxe manicure system . " after sounding like it was ailing while it filed down the length of 2 acrylic nails , it gave a little bzz and then died . i waited a while to see if maybe it overheated . i tried other outlets . nope , dead . so i 'd pronounce this unfit for natural or acrylic nails . if you want something of quality for acrylic nails , invest in the dremel tools that the salons use ( just be sure to get one with a low rpm or foot pedal attachment ) . if you want something of quality for natural nails , go to the drug store and get some sandpaper nail files , a rectangular buffer , and a cuticle pusher . sometimes the best solution is the simplest . 
books pos 722.txt as teachers , we all get frustrated with the limited technology in our schools . we have the equipment , but it is n't adequate for all of us to use . larry cuban explores this problem in great detail , offering an explanation as to why the billions of dollars spent across the nation on computers is n't improving academic performances . he also offers solutions as to what the nation needs to do to remedy this situation . a very thought provoking piece ! if only our politicians would read it 
music neg 261.txt another torrent of mild tripe from everyone 's " favourite " dj , tiesto . what on earth is he going to do when the supply of inane , pastel-coloured eurovomit dance music runs out ? when i think about the number of times i 've heard him touted as " world 's number one best voted dj " or " dj mag top 100 finalist " , you 'd start to think that the man can actually mix records , when in fact rather than mix them , he tends to grind them together roughly into a nightmarish aural paste then reconfigure them violently in new , unusual and horrendously nauseating forms . i can absolutely confirm this . i have had the startling and displeasing experience of witnessing it live . the sad truth of the matter is , that there are any number of drug-addicted fluoro-pants-wearing 16 year old ravers out there , and all are quite willing to buy boring rubbish like this . or at least all are prepared to ask their mum and dad to buy it for them for xmas . i sign off in disgust 
camera pos 36.txt this is a great lens for star fields . it is about the least expensive lens canon makes and also one of the fastest . the focus was sharp to the corners without coma . see my photo of a portion the milky way . this was obtained with a 30sec exposure with a rebel xt on an inexpensive clock drive sitting on a picnic table 
music pos 545.txt " the essential jimmie rodgers " is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including " frankie and johnny " , " mule skinner blues " and " t for texas " . there are also fine versions of " waitin ' for a train " and " in the jailhouse now " though some may prefer jerry lee lewis ' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include " my old pal " , " my old sunny south by the sea " and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - " daddy and home " . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful " tb blues " , a reference to the disease that took jimmie 's life at 35. while jimmie 's yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the " essential " series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . " the essential jimmie rodgers " certainly falls into that category 
music neg 91.txt despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore 
music pos 713.txt i purchased this cd after reading one of the reviews . i have another streetwize cd that i love , but i was a litter weary about getting this one ( jazz meets dre and all ) . but i am glad i made the purchase , as i am thoroughly enjoying it 
health neg 536.txt after user #1 i was really impressed . my teeth were noticeably whiter- -almost gleaming . after use number two i noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic . on use # 3 i felt some discomfort after putting the trays in . after about 1 / 2 hour it was really starting to hurt and i thought something must be wrong so i took them out . my gums were bleached white ! i was really freaked out by this but for the most part it did subside after about 1 / 2 an hour . however , there was some lingering damage done that , while not severe , is annoying ( there is still a slight bit of bleeding ) . i have perfectly healthy gums so i was surprised by this...the third tray did some fairly serious damage to otherwise healthy gums . my advice , if it hurts at all that is not normal and you should take them out 
software pos 344.txt overall i was pleased with ease of installation . this was an upgrade from office 2003. i backed up all files before upgrade , and always do this , but it was not necessary for this upgrade . my overall disappointment is outlook 's inability or difficulty to use other mail servers ( yahoo , gmail , etc. ) . the shift appears to favor msn products only ( hotmail and msn ) . no wonder thunderbird is slowly becoming a favored email application 
camera pos 132.txt xti is feature laden , but takes fantastic " point and shoot " photos . seems to be a significant improvement on canon 's rebel xt , a wonderful camera . for the money , the best slr going 
software pos 722.txt i use this with a macbook laptop with 2gb ram without any performance issues . it is a great product for when you have outgrown imovie but do n't need the full feature set of final cut . i use it for both perosnal and work video production . no problems connecting and moving video of a panasonic pv-gs500 video camera via firewire . there is a learning curve but the basics are pretty easy to master . 
books pos 938.txt the theory behind this important collection of essays is that & quot ; the history of medieval power is to be sought in microcosms . &quot ; these essays demonstrate quite effectively that it can be found there as well . each essay focuses on a facet of the shifting power relationships in twelfth and thirteenth century europe . at issue in each are the questions of what or who held the power to command or punish , and how that power was obtained , kept and manifested . this is a truly enlightening book . of particular interest are the essays on holding power over the truth , as well as those dealing the formation of the nobility into a self-consciously chivalric warrior class . however , all the essays are intelligent and useful explorations into the very nature and meaning of power . ultimately , this book must be considered essential for any serious student of history , casual or academic 
dvd neg 702.txt i am a fan of dbz , i am a fan of goten , i think hercule is funny and i think #18 is hot . yet this movie sucked ! it was missing what makes dbz so great : lots of action and a great plot . broly is overused and this completely ruins him . like most dbz movies , it does n't fit into the timeline . if we worked it in , then goten and trunks would only be a matter of hours away from using the fusion technique . had this movie taken place after then , the fight would be a lot more interesting . in short , if you want to see every dbz movie , then rent it . if you insist on collecting the whole series , wait until movie collection #4 comes out 
books pos 502.txt after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra 
dvd neg 339.txt this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then 
software pos 85.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment 
music pos 396.txt i am not jewish , but you do n't have to be to enjoy these songs . this album happens to be one of my favourites of the putumayo releases . a couple of the songs were instantly familiar to me even though i thought i knew none of the songs when i bought this album . each and every song on here is wonderful...some are traditional folk songs while others are newer compositions . the 23 page booklet includes a 3 page history of jewish music , and each artist has a page about them , including a photograph . i highly recommend this album to just about everyone . my husband is arabic and he too loves these songs . music truly is borderless 
camera pos 186.txt seems a little much to pay for an " extension cord " but upon receipt i see it is of very high quality and nice build on the connectors . plus , its a brand item from canon , so what can you do 
dvd pos 493.txt for those reviewers who have not seen the remakes , see dail m for murder by alfred hitchcock , perfect murder starring michael douglas and gyneth paltrow , not to mention countless tv movies of the week . this is the original and the best.barbara stanwyck is superb , as is burt lancaster . moody and dark and suspenseful . 
software neg 15.txt this product could put user / customer 's life at risk . the mapping software navigates user turning into a one way street and takes you to a very remote off-road . this is the worst product that i have used in my life . 
camera pos 652.txt i owned a kodak for awhile and was pleased with the pictures however , my husband accidently fell while ice skating and broke my camera . my family , knowing i love to take pictures , decided to replace my camera , but this time with a sony cybershot . i have never been more unhappy with a camera . needless to say , i finally decided to purchase this kodak z650 and am so pleased with the results and pictures . i am not a professional photographer , just someone who likes to take photos of my kids , pets , flowers , vacation spots , etc. my sony was horrible at action shots and if you had any movement what so ever , the photo appeared blurry . having kids , that is n't an option . i gave that camera to my daughter to do whatever she wanted with it . the kodak , however does a wonderful job of action shots as well as clear , crisp and concise pictures . i absolutely love this camera ! i will never go back to another brand and have only good things to say about kodak and their products 
camera neg 981.txt while the everio will work on a mac , it is with jvc 's movie program . it is not imovie ready . there is a very strange " work around " involving dvdrop that will make it work . not very pleased with what i feel is misleading information about compatibility with mac 
dvd neg 188.txt would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of " king solomons mines " . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic " prisoner of zenda " . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution . 
dvd pos 154.txt this is a great work out ! you can really work up a sweat and it 's low impact on the knees 
music pos 434.txt i 'm not sure what to call this cd other than genius . this was the first cd i 've heard from sonata arctica and it 's still my favorite . i 'm not really really big on power metal / epic metal , but i defintely enjoy sa and kamelot . with that said , i think this cd can even entertain those not interested in power metal . my friend enjors radio rock and rap , but after hearing me play this cd where we work , he begged me to make him a copy . towards the actual cd , i 'm not quite sure i can put what 's in it into words . songs like silver tongue and broken have a very distinct , unique sound . the ballads , draw me and the misery are both superb efforts , each making the listener feel tony kakko 's pain . my favorite song would have to be a dead heat between the misery and gravenimage . the keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song . he plays fast , and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting ( and lighthearted at times ) . the guitarist plays very fast when he needs to , and the right power chords other times . he 's quite good . overall , the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking . they do a great job . the lyrics seem much better than older releases ( english lessons ? ) but still can be a bit odd . " ...with long haired drummer in band " springs to mind . still at least they write about mundane things.. . i love kamelot , but the knight in shining armor routine will get old eventually . anyway , the vocals are very well done , he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well , too . ( they 'd make queen jealous ! ) overall , i ca n't praise this cd enough . every song is an adventure , none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that . i would say that anyone could enjoy this cd , but i 'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the american screamfest metal that 's going on today . then i 'd recommend it to power metal fans , and so on . simply put , this is one of the best cds i own . give it a chance 
music neg 653.txt if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding 
camera pos 800.txt this was my first digital camera , and after reading everything i could get my hands on to read about digital cameras i chose this one . it so happens that the last 35mm camera i owned for years was also an olympus 
dvd neg 417.txt the transfer is real real bad , the story is also weird but its o 
music pos 756.txt i love to working with this soundtrack in the back ground . the music is fun , whimsical , and out of the ordinary . i like pop and rock , but sometimes you just need good music without the lame lyrics 
music pos 643.txt i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : & quot ; liberty - the american revolution&quot ; and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary & quot ; liberty&quot ; was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites 
software neg 790.txt i have been using this program for five years now and i 'm finally going to switch to quicken . the ' invoice designer ' is a total waste of time.. . it just has n't worked for years and microsoft will do nothing to get it to work . this is the unwanted step child of microsoft , so please do n't waist your time 
software neg 102.txt let me sum up this software " total junk " pinnacle will give you one free support phone call for help , then $25 for the next call . they give you free email support , but answer everything but your problem . they try and blame it on windows xp , and will have you reload windows . i owned studio 8 , and it worked fine . went to studio 9 , and had a few problems . upgraded to studio 9 plus , and after a week of trying to make it render my projects with no sucess , and crash after crash , i removed it from my machine . they sent me an offer of their all new 10.5 plus upgrade , hollywood fx , 3 of their premium packs , and a hat that says studio 10 on it . this said that the program had been rebuilt from bottom up . this program should be called " crash after crash " , and the only thing that works is the hat . if you feel the urge to waste $100 , and hours of your time , just buy this product . look at the reviews on studio 10 , and the other studio products , and most only have one star . out of over 100 reviews over 95% had one star . i found one with 5 stars , but looking at the reviewers other reviews he is obviously an employee , or share holder in the company . he wrote a 1 star review on a sony competative product , and 5 star reviews for other pinnacle products that you would not own if 10.5 worked 
dvd pos 200.txt i normally do not enjoy movies about the making of movies , so i was very pleasantly surprised to be thoroughly entertained by ' living in oblivion' . the reason i took the chance at all was due to the presence of catherine keener , one of our most overlooked and under-appreciated hollywood actresses . she once again did not disappoint , but the entire cast was extremely good . you get a real education on the frustrations and challenges involved with making a low budget film . buscemi is also right on target as the stessed out director . the amazon reviews are for the most part positive about this film and for good reason . i 'm glad to join my fellow amazonians in heaping praise on this low budget gem 
music pos 748.txt i bought this cd since my sister had stolen my original copy , lol . need i say more 
software pos 159.txt i have been using v.7 from the last week or so and i am very pleased with it . it loads very fast ( unlike all other adobe versions ) , the conversion to pdf from doc or ppt files also is much quicker . i have not encountered any problems yet , but its only been 7 days since i am using it. . definitely worth the upgrade 
software neg 334.txt warning ! ! this was the worst experience i ever have upgrading software from the same co . i have norton ghost , partition magic , and 06 internet security on my laptop . after instructed to remove 06 is , i installed the 07 antivirus . afterward i kept getting a pop-up runtime error msg and the product will not work . i went to the support site and follow the instructions to use their autofix tool to completely remove all of 06 is and liveupdate . i did so and reinstalled the antivirus . still got the same @#$%^ error ! i went back to the support site and was told to remove the old is and upgrade to a new liveupdate first . i did so and reinstalled antivirus . still got the same @#$%^ error ! i called support and waited 30 mins . finally was told i needed to pay $29 fee for live help . i returned the product and vow to never buy from symantec again . i purchased ca internet security and installed without any problem . 
books pos 51.txt neverwhere is one of gaiman 's best yet ! i highly recommend this novel 
music pos 367.txt while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended 
camera pos 209.txt this is a good teleconverter that added 1.5x to the camera 's native zoom . it adds a great degree of stability to the camera for taking those critical shots . of course when the digital zoom is used it is very sensitive to shake and movement . overall a good addition especially for the birds and nature shots 
dvd neg 511.txt throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music " self-indulgent bullsh** " apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's " fair and balanced " nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there 
dvd neg 537.txt i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that cannot be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . " oklahoma " , " carousel " , " south pacific " and " king and i " need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of " an affair to remember " ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films - -hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release...how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( " sound of music " is fine and " state fair " was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen 
camera pos 901.txt this is a great buy if you are just wanting to have some fun , with no real investment . although it does go beyond 17 feet , and that is not as far as you may think . but , i used it while snorkeling and the pictures turned out great , and i am sure a few were more than 17 feet . 
software neg 716.txt i could be home in bed . but i 'm fing around trying to undo the install of the biggest mistake i 've made to date...purchasing , tossing money in the toilet for nero7. the damage and the time it 's taken to recover is about 20 times it 's cost . useless . i ca n't copy a disk . i ca n't burn and image . what 's the deal ? ? ? all the negative stuff i 've read true . unfortunately after i paid for nero7 before reading what others have to say . what really puzzles me is who all the folks are that are writing all the wonderful reviews ? employees of ahead ? keep your distance or you 'll be sorry 
software pos 182.txt i liked how you could go underwater and try to find things . i also liked how you had to bake cookies and make sundaes . another really cool thing was that you could buy stuff for minette and yourself . i did n't like how the tea was so hard , though.i could n't figure it out , but finally i got it.i liked that you had to fight minette , too.it was funny that she had an alien tatoo on her face.over all , danger by design was a fun game . 
books neg 879.txt after reading all the author 's books so far , i realized he is repeating himself . in all his books ( including the ones which myron bolitar is n't present ) there are the same elements in the plot : disappeared person who might or not be dead , mobster guys who might or not be involved in the plot , the hero gets beaten by mosbter guys and is always saved " in the last minute " , someone wealthy and with lots has interest in the plot but no one knows for sure . as the plots became being built upon the same structure , the suprise is getting less and less after each book . being someone who started liking mistery books after reading all agatha christie 's ones , and because each book of hers is completely diferent from the other , i look for the same originality in other mistery books . of course the book is good for a first time harlan coben reader . i just did n't like it that much because of the repetitions , which make very easy to guess the final , spoiling the suspense of the reading 
dvd neg 857.txt batman begins is soooo much better than this or any other of the batman movies . nicholson sucked as the joker . joker is a comedian who had an accident trying to pull a robbery to help his pregnant wife . he is not a gangster or the one who killed batman 's parents ! ! ! ! he is a psycho and batman 's nemesis ! ! ! you ca n't kill him off ! ! ! how stupid is that ? ! ! ! who came up with that one . keaton is a sissy , christian bale could beat him down ! ! ! keaton did not have the physical prescence to play batman . all in all , a joke of a comic movie..but it is better than daredevil ! ! ! ! : - 
software neg 534.txt i bought this to upgrade my previous version of mcafee total protection . the first install was on a laptop , when it configured the wireless security it actually made changes to my wap setup without notifying me . first of all it said that i did n't have any security set up on the wireless connection ( although i have it set up with disabled ssid , mac filtering , wpa protection.. . ) , and after it was done it had changed the setup to wep.. . also causing my other wireless pcs ( that do n't have mcafee ) and my xbox 360 to no longer connect to the network.. . so i ended up deinstalling that part . second pc : regular desktop , after installing the software ( only select pieces : antivirus , firewall , spamkiller , privacy service ) my multimedia sharing to the xbox 360 no longer worked . contacting mcafee support never yielded any usable response ( ' reinstall ' seems to be the default answer ... ) . deinstalling / reinstalling did n't help , opening up the firewall did n't help , etc. etc. so i ended up reverting back to my old version of mcafee . i consider myself a power pc user , i 've set up and configured dozens of pcs over the years , built my own pc , and i can honestly say that i have never used software worse than this one . i hardly ever write reviews , but i had to write this one . be warned ! maybe mcafee will eventually get its act together , but for me it 's time to move on . one last comment : this mcafee software ( just like prior versions btw ) takes up a lot of resources - several services need to run that take up a considerable amount of memory ) . not good if you do n't have ample memory 
books pos 238.txt i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide 
camera pos 77.txt this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping 
health neg 141.txt but leaves a lot to be desired in practice . just get a small electric or hand crank food processor . this is not worth your time 
music pos 784.txt since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect 
health pos 403.txt works great but i wish i could find it in stores . the one riteaid that does carry it , does n't always have it in stock . i also can not always find it in just any rite aid . some do n't carry it at all...annoying ! my daughter is the canker sore sufferer . i did some research before i discovered rembrandt , and found that the ingredient , sodium lauryl sulfate , found in almost all toothepastes is the culprate . rembrandt for canker sores does not contain this key ingredient . sodium lauryl sulfate ( sls ) is what makes our toothepaste foam . my daughter hardly ever has anymore canker sore breakouts . if she does , it seems to be from getting a cold . try and find a toothpaste without sls...they are n't out there . it would be nice to have some competition to bring the price down and be more readily available . but all in all , i 'm glad someone has made this product available , even if it 's pricey and hard to find . 
music neg 438.txt the title says it all . they could have put a better group of songs togather 
books neg 991.txt if excelsior college did n't require this for the cpne , i would take it and throw it off the highest bridge i could find . horribly confusing , does n't make sense , and i cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice . the only redeeming feature is that excelsior does not let you write in this , so i will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student . i do n't mean to sound harsh , but this book is n't easy to use , it is confusing , and contradicts itself 
health neg 243.txt this product does not make you hair grow at all . im so freakin mad it is such a lie it makes your hair grow..........im soooooooooooo madddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
books neg 401.txt i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1 
dvd neg 447.txt this 1971 offering stars giancarlo giannini in a fine performance as a police inspector on the hunt for a psycho who stuns his attractive victime with a poison-dipped needle before eviscerating them . the production is above average slick and the performances are fine , especially from giannini , but i just did n't find it involving , suspenseful or stylish enough to keep my finger off fast forward . it 's not bad , just average . the climax and the killer 's unmasking is particularly weak and anti-climactic . fans of the genre seem to really like this one , but i suggest a rental before a purchase 
books neg 979.txt i only needed this for school a little while back . now i am marketing in hawaii at a resort and realizing this book taught me little to nothing . have fun with it if you please though 
music pos 517.txt the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music 
health neg 541.txt skip this entire product . i made the mistake of purchasing it and stocked up on the scrubbing and non-scrubbing ( mopping ? ) pads . now , i ca n't find the non-scrubbing ones anywhere in my entire county . i think they do n't want to compete with their own product " swiffer " which they also manufacture . i emailed them and they suggested i buy online . i checked walgreens.com and drugstore.com and no luck . i imagine they will phase this out and you will be stuck with a wasteful " who gives a hoot " rod . 
camera neg 395.txt i was extremely disappointed with this product ; i felt very let down by sony , because for years i bought sony items with confidence , knowing that anything produced by them would be good and reliable . this item only goes to prove that sony 's standards have dropped and , as such i will use considerable caution when buying anthing else of theirs . what lets this product down is the lack of distance one can be before the sound breaks up ; 2 metres ( not 45 metres as stated on the wrapping ) was the best i could do , and that was in a straight line . no , all this item is fit for is the rubbish bin 
music pos 694.txt julieta venegas did it again . she scored an album that is not alternative in style , however it is very catchy pop music . her melodies are perfect for a morning drive with the radio on . you can sing along and express day to day feelings . julieta continues to use instruments i like such as the harmonica . and of course , julietas nice character and her lovely behavior shine through in her public appearances . my personal favorite is " me voy " , a very positive song about a not so positive event , breaking-up . keep up the good work , julieta . your songs are appreciated . 
music pos 897.txt anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great 
health neg 907.txt everyone in my family has owned these clic goggles . my original pair gave out after three years of use . i ordered these because they said " standard size " they normally come in small medium and large . well , i am medium and the standard size is large ( same as my husbands ) . i had to tape them at the back to make them smaller so i could wear them . did not have time to return....very disappointed . will consider this before ordering from you again . 
books neg 887.txt having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series , i was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement . yes clive is well read , english and italian , yes he does know the difference between a donatello and a michelangelo , but do we need to know every book he read in the two years , every painting he saw and how it moved him . the simple answer is no . unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out . the story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud 
books pos 571.txt a very intense book on print making . a must have book for serious artists , who want to expand in their field . lots and lots of contacts in back of book maiking it easy to find anyone you need for print making ! a 
books pos 21.txt college stoner cult following aside , hunter s . thompson 's journalistic prowess was a vital national resource up until he left us last february . thompson was one of those brave few who dared to cut through popular media perceptions and glittery rhetoric and travel right to the ugly center of his subject material , counjouring hilarious allegories where the average journalist would already have soiled himself in disillusionment . on the campaign trail should be required reading for all those who hold a less skeptical view of american politics than say , the average wwe heavyweight title match , for a truly sane person should be no more shocked to hear of a politician lying or cheating to increase his presidential hopes than when the undertaker strikes his opponent with a steel chair when the referee turns his back . hunter has long since traveled through this looking glass - - although he can at times be found expressing nostalagia for the wide-eyed optimism of the 60s - - but the result is not nearly as depressing as it is hilarious . the image of thompson infiltrating the nixon youth at the rnc and yelling obscenities and death threats at rival journalist john chancellor 's press box while surrounded by hundreds of kids chanting " four more years ! " was one of the funniest any book has offered me in a while . how does the cliche go - - " the more things change , the more they stay the same " ? after the thorough spanking of george mcgovern at the hands of richard nixon , hst credits the most staggering blow to mcgovern 's presidential hopes to a media crisis involving his vice-presidential nominee , thomas eagleton . just days after eagleton was named as mcgovern 's running mate , two democratic campaign managers received phone calls revealing that eagleton had gone through intensive psychiatric treatment on three separate occasions . as the story spread like wildfire throughout the press , mcgovern 's presidential hopes were dealt a blow from which they would never recover . since then , we 've seen willie horton and the swift boat veterans come out to haunt their respective candidates , and one is inclined to wonder who the democratic " mascot " will be for the 2008 race . perhaps a mentally disabled child whose tricycle was crushed by the car of hillary clinton ? a dominican prostitute who gave joe biden the clap ? but i digress . i give on the campaign trail 4 out of 5 stars because the book , like presidential campaigns themselves , can at times seem uneventful . thompson addresses this from time to time , wondering aloud what it was that made him want to cover politics in the first place before remembering that the rush one feels from being a part of a winning political team is nearly identical to that of a junkie getting that long-needed fix . other parts of the book will only make sense to the more hardcore followers of politics . for instance , hst 's extensive interview with campaign manager rick stearns , where stearns explains the intricacies of acquiring state delegates , reads like hieroglyphics to me . 
books neg 551.txt it was difficult to stay " tuned-in " to this book . a few good ideas , but nothing new or different . it is not a book that i would recommend , however , i might try to listen again - - just to see if i missed the point . i certainly would not give this book as a gift 
music neg 396.txt nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing 
music pos 429.txt one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming 
music pos 772.txt aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul . 
dvd pos 445.txt if you 're looking for a video that does n't take a lot of time , then this is one that you should add to your collection . it does n't matter if you 're a beginner or have been doing this stuff for years , there are two levels to suit both challenges . 10 minutes is spent on abs , buns & amp ; thighs . you can choose to do all of them or one of them when you get a spare 10 minutes . the exercises are great and you can feel the burn in all your muscles . if you do this video 3-5 times a week and eat a healthy diet , you 'll easily lose inches and tighten up those & quot ; loose&quot ; areas 
books neg 584.txt i am a big fan of the missing manual series . previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient . i therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm . office is such a gargantuan program , with tons of bells and whistles , that microsoft itself estimates that most users take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities . however , the book is a major disappointment , because of its many mistakes and poor organization . most of the mistakes are ones you can work around- -for example , on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes a and b are reversed- -but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction . every few pages i find myself going to the missing manuals web site to report yet more errata , such as incomplete or wrong instructions , figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions , incomprehensible writing , seeming confusion between the mac and pc versions of the program , etc. and i agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index . it looks as though o'reilly publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book , but instead rushed it out as soon as possible . that is too bad , because i will now be much more hesitant to purchase another missing manuals title 
camera pos 992.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways . 
software pos 670.txt quickbooks lives up to it 's reputation of being the one-size-fits-all small business book keeping software . it does what you want it to do . i like the feature of being able to easily sent e-mail invoices . if you need the software right away it is just as cheap at the office supply stores 
software neg 831.txt the problem with this game starts with the introductury movie.. . it develops slowly , goes on forever , suffers from disconnected animation and does little to set up the ridiculous premise for game play . once game play finally does start , my child found the games boring and the transitions between the games tediously slow . cute characters...zero edutainment . it was consigned to the dustbin by the end of the day 
dvd pos 761.txt i 'm not sure why i never watched " ghost " before until last night . for some reason , i did n't pay much heed to it when it was first released and never thought it was worth watching on tv . i 'm glad i gave it a chance because this is a good movie . what makes it good is its ' skillful mixture of suspense , romance , comedy , and the supernatural . that would seem to be too much to tackle for one movie but we get it all in the right balance . i was drawn rather quickly into the movie and got to where i could n't wait to see what was coming next . there were a few " convenient " capabilities that these ghosts had that were necessary for the story to work . i 'm a rather pragmatic person but , by the time these things came up , i was so caught up in the story that i wanted these things to be possible . obviously , the writer and director deserve accolades for their work and the actors do as well . i wanted to make note of the quality of acting because it was probably the cast that left me uninterested in watching " ghost " . i was prepared to be unimpressed in particular with whoopie goldberg so i want to confess that i thought her best supporting actress oscar was well-deserved . i figure that i was one of the last persons in america to see " ghost " but if there are others of you out there who still have n't seen it , give it a look ; it 's well worth it 
books neg 642.txt am i the only person that felt this book was twisted , disjointed , and something was just not working ? the beginning was great but the second half left a lot to be desired . this could have been a great story , the author veered off track or something 
dvd neg 303.txt i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in " you got served " and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n't know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video 
music pos 841.txt what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less 
health pos 247.txt i am very pleased with the light output . i purchased them to light the inside of my childs playhouse . they really iluminate the inside as bright as a standard light bulb . i purchased a couple of years ago an earlier type lanturn by rayovac and was really pleased with it also . 
books pos 18.txt the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l . a . , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels . as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn 
software pos 101.txt as you can see by other reviews above , the studio series has a history of being buggy . you also hear a lot of people saying " this package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ' powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages - - if only it were more stable ! " i am one of those long-suffering users ( 5 years , going back to version 9 ) , and finally with version 10.6 i have stopped complaining - - it now works as i 'd hoped when i bought it . the $300 i spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted - - i kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . and i 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures . i am turning all of our old family video tapes and cd 's into dvd's . i use studio for all the editing ( have not tried the dvd recording - - just use roxio for that ) and am now very pleased . if you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download . one important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems : put every " project " you work on in a separate subdirectory . if you have 5 soccer game videos make a / game1 , / game2 etc. series of subfolders . if you edit those to a " jimmy 's great plays " proect , put it in a separate / jimmyplays folder . when projects are in the same folder and you edit them a few times weird overwrite problems can happen in 10.5. i learned this trick before 10.6 came out , and i do n't know if it matters any more but i take no chances . why did i stick with something where i admit that version 9.0 was " powerful but unstable " and 10.0 was " more powerful and more unstable " ? because i can actually use studio with minimal reference to instructions , and when i use it things turn out as i expect . now that it has become stable and reliable i am a very satisfied customer . so that 's how i got from being a frustrated studio customer to giving it 4 stars on this review . i tell the whole story so you understand that the other reviews from frustrated people are relevant for the older versions , but that " 10.5 updated for free to 10.6 " really is the best choice out there now.. . as my unused expensive rivals to studio on my shelf prove . just keep putting every project inn its own folder ! 
books neg 317.txt let me get myself straigh here first . i have always been a fan of the artemis fowl series even though its started to fall into ruins . i loved the first one , and it was a wicked twist to the standard fairy tale stuff i ussually have to plow through , with the protangonist antoagonizing the fairies , instead of saving them from some kind of " evil " foe . also the fairies were pretty cool , and had all of the problems of normal people such as sexism . they were high tech and armed with laser guns . unfortunately the author put artemis on the helping side of the fairies which took out some of the pizzaz . now let me rewiew this particular book . its a horrible read . who in their right mind would read something about a twelwe year old kid who investigates mysteries with no new innovative concepts ? no me . now add the fact that this mystery is completely absurd , i mean seriously a " barbie " doll girl who gets kids expelled from school just because they 're boys . how old is the author anyways ? two years old ? well obviously he 's not married thats for sure . i always thought that these books were aimed at 13 and 14 year olds , not four year olds . anyways enough of that , the author also proceeds to put in someothing about a talent show and other garbage abouta possesive father . i read colfer because he writes futuristic books , that are predominetely fantasy not preschool level books about an obssesed teen ager who does n't even solve robberies , instead he investigates some dumb boys vs girls war . all of the wicked humor is lost , there is no action whatsoever , the main charecter is n't a genius with wicked humor , and the book reeks of drawn of bits from the others . heavily downgraded , adn obviously the worst parts . do not even read this thing . get some other artemis fowl books , or read alex rider , . thats a very good read . 
dvd pos 338.txt i am a huge u2 fan and this is the best concert i have ever seen . this concert is simply unbeliveable . it proves to all those stupid people that the belief that u2 were only good in the 80s and 90s is a load of garbage . u2 's still got it . this concert proves it . if you do n't think u2 's good anymore , go watch this concert . all that you ca n't leave behind is a good album . maybe not as good as joshua tree and achtung baby but it is still good . how to dismantle an atomic bomb left a little to be desired . and for the stupid guy at the beginning of these reviews ( i think it was the first one ) what do you mean bono was supporting homosexuality ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? when he kissed edge , it was representing the betrayal of jesus christ . look up the lyrics to the song that they were singing , " until the end of the world . " " i took the money.. . i kissed your lips ( face in the concert ) and broke your heart . " bono represents judas iscariot in the song . also , if you still do n't believe me and think this is some love song or something , watch any u2 concert with this song - almost all of them show bono doing a little devil-horn thing , usually after kissing edge ( christ ) the only thing i agree with in that guy 's review is that edge really is the spirit of the band , not bono . i love the delay that edge uses in his guitar . and i hate how when people think of u2 they think of bono . bono 's fine but i love how edge plays . anyway , go read his review if you want to find out more . just do n't listen to that homosexuality crap . anyway , this concert is awesome and i could just watch it over and over again . in fact , i 'm actually watching it tonight ! great show - makes you feel like you 're actually there . u2 is a wonderful band with good christian messages in their songs and i ca n't wait for their next album and concert to come out 
dvd neg 138.txt if you have read harmon 's acting resume online , then you know she has talent , she has the training , and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along . but being a mild conservative ( angie is a republican ) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at . good advice was bad advice for her . it is miscast with two annoying stars ; sheen and richards...and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie . it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this . this movie was made by artiscan films , which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films , their films are still bad no matter the name change , and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon 
camera pos 324.txt i love this flash . i just recently purchased it and have used it for 2 big events and it worked perfectly . i still do n't know everything that it is capable of doing but am still able to work it just fine without even reading the manual . i would definitely recommend this flash . 
camera pos 479.txt ok.. . i do n't know who reviews batteries but this one is pretty good . 
music neg 710.txt i have followed bruce hornsby for over 20 years and own every album he has ever come out with including two concert dvds . i was reluctant to buy intersections due to owning all the other , but if you have been to hornsby concert you know that he always keeos things fresh..no exception here . i loved the dvd of some of his performances . there are treasures here , imagine , solo on the piano at an awards show , the star spangled banner at the world series with marsalis , and his performance with bb king.it is a must for the hard core hornsby fan 
dvd pos 927.txt these days i want laughter in my life and katt williams gives it to you in the pimp chronicles . i thought kat williams live was great , but this one was better ! his tell it like it is and living life approach is great . if you ca n't go to see him in a live performance this is the next best thing . be prepared to laugh so hard your sides ache . keep an open mind and go for the ride ! 
music neg 828.txt i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago 
dvd pos 407.txt by winning their third title in four years the same year that the baseball team that defines the hopes and dreams of generations of new englanders wins its first world series in 86 years . it 's true , the patriots somehow pieced together a team that , despite a string of injuries that seemed to defy all rationality and managed to finish a second consecutive campaign as super bowl champions with a 17-2 record ( which just as easily could have / should have been 18-1 ) ...but the 2004 boston red sox completely sucked the oxygen out of the american sports atmosphere and somehow the 2004 patriots season just does n't seem to measure up to the previous title years of 2001 and 2003. part of the reason is that the previous years seemed to have their own personalities ( 2001 having 9 / 11 , the coming-of-age of tom brady , the snow bowl , and the unbelievable finish of what was probably the most exciting super bowl ever . 2003 had the release of lawyer milloy , the early stumbles to buffalo and washington , the birth of the winning streak , winter weather in foxboro , and yet another thrilling super bowl finish ) ; 2004 just seemed like an anticlimax by comparison , like you were watching a scripted performance that was always going to end with the " w " on the patriots ' side of the field . this is not to say that there were not intriguing challenges that made for good storytelling...the injuries ( leading to the incredible " throwback " two-way play of veteran wide receiver / rookie cornerback troy brown ) , the continued winning streak , the rebirth of offseason acquisition corey dillon , the continuing mastery of the indianapolis colts , and the return to pittsburgh ( where the record 21-game winning streak came to an emphatic end on halloween ( just days after the red sox won the world series , karmically enough ) , where university of michigan graduate tom brady resurrected himself from a triple-digit fever the night before to thoroughly dismantle the best regarded defense in the nfl to send the patriots back to the super bowl , this time in the unfairly maligned city of jacksonville , fl . no nail-biting endings this time , though...despite the best efforts of terrell owens to come back from a leg and ankle injury that would have ended the season of anyone else ( with the possible exception of curt schilling , of course ) , the eagles all-pro was clearly the second-best receiver on the field as deion branch won the super bowl mvp for a record day ( safetyman and render of mayhem extraordinaire rodney harrison would have been my pick , actually ) and the patriots , though trailing early , never really seemed in doubt of winning a game they led by 10 points late before prevailing by the final score of 24-21 which in truth flattered the eagles more than they deserved . far be it that a season ending with a record of 17-2 and another super bowl ring should be considered hum-drum , but there was something missing from the 2004 campaign that , impressive as it was , just does n't translate to the memorable re-telling that the pats ' previous title years do . this is a great dvd for pats fans , indispensible even , but for the casual fan who appreciates the drama that a good nfl season can bring , i would recommend either of the previous patriots highlights dvd 's over this one 
camera pos 917.txt i bought this camera for my 80 year old mother because i knew that if she was going to try digital photography , it had to be easy ! the printer dock is simple for her to use to transfer snapshots of her cat to her computer and email them to her friends . i have used the older cx-7300 , ( very similar camera ) for backpacking for years and it has never failed under harsh conditions . the lack of optical zoom is a plus for me ; less to break . the c530 is more compact , has better resolution , and still has the option of using aa batteries when the rechargables die . if you want simple digital snapshots , you will love this little camera 
software pos 776.txt i 'm currently learning how to use this product ; however , one of the first things i noticed was that the only way to do my payroll with it was to use a service . now of course , this service was n't free and with only 4 employees , the last thing i wanted to do was expend $20 a month on a service . was n't that the point of getting quickbooks - so i could do it myself ? now i can understand that tax codes , percentages , etc can vary from state to state , but would it have been so difficult for them to just set up a section with the generalized accounts and have the user input the amounts for each account needed on their payroll checks . see , i 'm not even asking them to have the computer calculate the amounts . simple would have been fine with me . as for the rest of the program , it looks as though it will be fairly easy to use after i figure out the best way to set it up for my particular business . i 'm disappointed that a business program designed for the small businessman would omit something as vital as payroll 
dvd pos 249.txt " the incredibles " , together with " finding nemo " , " shrek 1 & 2 " , " madagascar " and the " spy kids " series , certainly mark a turning point in terms of animated moviemaking . particularly the incredibles is a movie no kid ( or adult as well ) will ever get tired of watching . as for the plot.. . it is just plainly great . things have been kind of boring for superheroes since they have been forced to give up their superpowers and adopt a conventional lifestyle . but everything will change for mr. incredible and his family when an interesting business proposal will ultimately make him wear his superhero suit again for an exciting new job . my kids just love this movie ( and so do i ! 
music neg 3.txt tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables 
software neg 131.txt this software did n't quite do what i expected . i was somewhat disappointed when i discovered that it would n't convert itunes m4p music files to mp3 files to run on a real player . 
health neg 973.txt you could get the same info on " percentage " of body fat by going online . think about it : how does a scale " measure " your body fat ? good question . so i went to the website of the manufacturer and...surprise , surprise...there were no details about how this worked . it did , however , note what it was supposed to detect and how that might connect to body fat . the scale supposedly measures something called " electrical impedence " which sounds pretty complex but really is n't all that hard to understand . all it means is that the more fat you have in your body , the more " impedence " you have and the higher the body fat reading . electricity does n't flow as well through fat and the scale is supposed to detect that . but here is the catch - getting an accurate body fat measurement can not possibly be done by just stepping on a scale , especially if the consumer ( buyer ) of that scale does n't understand the factors that are vital to an accurate measurement . what you have in your body when you step on the scale is one vital factor . here is just one example of how easy it would be to get a bad reading : if you are dehydrated from not drinking enough water or , conversely , you are overhydrated from drinking too much water or you have n't measured your body fat within a certain amount of time after exercise or you 've been standing too long or you 've eaten recently.....you are very likely to get an inaccurate reading and you 'll be confused by the variation in readings from one day to the next , not knowing what factor or combination of factors is affecting your reading . even worse , you 'll have no real idea of your body fat . from what i 've seen , these scales do provide accurate weight measurements.but when it comes to measuring body fat , the ads or website do not seem to indicate that you can get an inaccurate reading if you step on the scale at the wrong time of day , too soon after exercising , if you are thirsty , etc. so save your money . if you are working out regularly , eating right , getting in shape , etc....odds are that your body fat is dropping and you 'll see signs of this . you do n't need this scale to prove it ( although you might consider it worthwhile to discover your actual body fat some other way ) . signs of reduced body fat are firmer muscles , looser clothes and ( often ) a more streamlined figure . your metabolism is likely to be more efficient , assuming you do n't overeat too much . if you absolutely have to know your percentage of body fat , just ask your local physician , trainer or gym director how to get an accurate assesment and when to do so . if you workout regularly at the suggested or peak training level , your body fat should go down , assuming you do n't compensate by eating too much . so do n't count on this scale to give you the consistency or quality of a detailed and controlled body fat measurement . it won't . 
software pos 51.txt this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped 
health pos 414.txt although the compartments seem small , you can fit lots of food into this bowl . it 's divided into about 4 or 5 sections , so you can separate your veggies , meat , etc. the only thing that bummed me out was the ice pack - the frozen gel expanded on the inside and caused the container to break : ( so , i use it to store food in the fridge . i have all of the other fit & fresh containers and none of the ice packs on those have broken . 
software pos 999.txt if you want a simple to use program to manage personal finances quicken is for you . i have found it very useful for keeping track of my checking and savings accounts . you can also make automatic posts to your accounts . which is nice feature if you use automatic online bill pay with your bank . the program makes charts , graphs and reports showing where your money is going and coming from . it also does a nice job showing you if where you are meeting your budget and where you are spending too much money . quicken makes keeps track of loans easy . it calculates how much money is going to interest and principle . i have been having a hard time and have been unsuccessful at setting up the program to track my 403b account . overall , i think quicken is a good program and recommend it to anyone to anyone who does not have a similar product already 
dvd pos 356.txt great improvements over the original dvd . enhanced for 16x9 tvs with scenes that are now clearer and actually 2.35:1 widescreen ratio . the original dvd claims an aspect ratio of " approximately 2.35:1 " which was not true . i own both versions and have compared viewing aspects of each . clearly this dvd is far superior and well worth the purchase price . this plays very well on my hdtv monitor ; i 'll give the old version to someone w / an old 4x3 tv . 
books neg 856.txt people have been trying for years to prove that the founding cause of the universe is natural occuring harmonies . these theories are usually the occult disguising itself as science . if these theories are correct there needs to be a ' fundamental ' frequency ( a demiurge style ' god of harmony ' ) to begin the resonance . no such thing exists - see scientific american , august 2005 ' is the universe out of a tune ? 
music neg 994.txt yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep 
health pos 551.txt i have to write a review for the below review ( the one i have in quotes ) . the below reviewer states this is 170 watts and you need 1875 watts . i nearly fell off my seat ! not only by the review but by how many people recommended it ! first , 100 watts is average for a hair straighter . 170 watts is excellent ! 1875 would melt your hair ! i did not think it was fair that this person rated the item without having knowledge on wattage . " this straightener only has 170 watts of heating power . that is not a very good number ! if you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts.. . especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair ! 
software neg 282.txt i 've a norton user for many years . i ' upgraded ? ' from nav 2005. this product was a pain to install . i had to uninstall zone alarm , which is n't noted anywhere . i 've never had to do that before . the installation process required rebooting multiple times . in the past it had been an easy process . not anymore ! i will not buy norton in the future 
health pos 37.txt i have had so much fun learning bio feedback and learnig to breath . the exercises and the story line are really helpful to achive control and develope skills for meditation . i highly recommned this product . i will be purchasing the add-on in the near future 
music pos 752.txt i am a latecomer to the works of chopin , unqualified to comment on dinu lipatti 's technique and interpretation , but this recording gives an interesting framework to explore the waltzes . they are numbered 1 through 14 in order of opus publication , but on this disc lipatti shuffles them to form a cycle of his own devising . there are four waltzes in the key of a flat and it seems one challenge was to space them across the recital . contrast this to alexandre thaurad 's cd where he clumps like-key waltzes into groups . ( he also adds five more posthumous works . ) most of chopin 's waltzes start on the dominant , meaning either the fifth note of the home key ( the tonic , the i ) , or a dominant seventh chord ( v7 ) which leads to the tonic . lipatti uses this feature to string together his cycle . if , for instance , there were a waltz that ended on a c natural it could easily bring us to waltz no 4 , which starts on an insistent c7 chord before rising to the home key of f major . i will use this as the starting point for tracing the harmonic relationships of the tracks on this cd . track 1 : waltz no 4 in f , " grande valse brillante " - as noted starts on the v7 and finishes on f in octaves . track 2 : no 5 in a flat - begins on a trilling dominant eb , but the note it trills up to is an f ( which ended the previous track ) . finishes with a parting shot , a turn in the bass ending on ab. track 3 : no 6 in d flat , " minute waltz " - starts on ab ; the contour of the opening phrase echoes the gesture of the previous parting shot as well . ends in db. track 4 : no 9 in a flat - has two pick up notes then hits a db on the downbeat of the first measure . the right hand ends on the ab above middle c . track 5 : no 7 in c sharp minor - starts on a g sharp above middle c , which is the same black key ( enharmonic equivalent ) of the previous ab. ends in c# minor . track 6 : no 11 in g flat - starts with a pick-up turn then hits the downbeat with a db ( enharmonic c# ) . ends on a gb in the treble clef . track 7 : no 10 in b minor - starts quietly on the same note , an f# ( enharmonic gb ) . ends with a soft b in the bass clef . track 8 : no 14 in e minor - first note is the exact same b in the bass . ends in e minor . track 9 : no 3 in a minor - starts on an e in the bass melody . ends in a minor ; keep in mind that minor third of this key is a c natural - - you can hear it in the melody of the third to last measure . track 10 : no 8 in a flat - this is a side-stepping change of keys , but there is an harmonic link to the previous waltz . instead of starting on the dominant , this one begins on the major third - - c natural . track 11 : no 12 in f minor - starts on the dominant - - c again . toggle back and forth between tracks 10 and 11 and you will hear that these two waltzes start on the exact same pitch . instead of ending in f minor this waltz closes in the relative major of ab. the last three notes are a rise and fall , bb-c-ab . track 12 : no 13 in d flat - there is a leading note before the dominant . the first three notes ( bb-ab-f ) fall and rise in a mirroring gesture to the final phrase of the previous . ends quietly in db. track 13 : no 1 in e flat , " valse brillante " - another side-stepping key change but there is a connection . if you toggle between tracks 12 and 13 you will hear the same initial note , a bb - - quietly in the former , boldly here . finishes resoundingly in the tonic eb. track 14 : no 2 in a flat , " grande valse brillante " - introduction in the dominant chord , eb7. closes in ab. from here you could loop around to the beginning of the cycle again , linking the major third ( c natural ) to the v7 that starts the f major waltz 
music pos 213.txt at first , i thought the only reason why i wanted this cd was because idina menzel was on it . but now , after listening to the whole cd , i was right , idina menzel was amazing , and all of the other cast members are incredibly talented too . i would highly recommend this because it is a very interesting story , it 's incredibly complex music ( theoretically ) , but at the same time it is very enjoyable ! ! ! ! i would give it more stars if i could.. . but i am only allowed 5... : ( 
music neg 452.txt first off that has to be the worst rhyme i 've ever heard in my life.. . andre nickatina ( in the rapping world ) is one of the worst i 've ever heard , but if you 're into dope beats and his style in flowing with them ( reminds me of someone on the ocean just being carried by waves , paddling every which way to stay with them ) , and what i mean by that is he tries to keep up with the pace and the beat and says ( what feels like ) every single thing that pops into his head from coke to what he had for dinner that night . but overall , " if you ca n't dig it like its shovelled man i guess you ai n't able " summs this and the rest of the nickatina c.d.s up 
health neg 484.txt made of cheap plastic . generate loud noise . the switch broke off the 2nd week i got it . 
camera pos 243.txt this is a great lens . i do not want to repeat all the good things other reviewers have written about this lens . it is not so heavy so i use tripod without using tripod collar ( costs 119.99 in b & h ) . this is the best value i have ever got for a lens . now i ca n't wait to get 17-40mm f4l too . you can get a very nice bokeh when wide open at f4 and f5.6 , of course depending on the how far the background is from the subject . people complain how ugly the hood looks but that is subjective . i like it because it works great and you can attach it in a reversed position on the lens so that it will fit in your camera bag . i think the fit and finish of the lens is beautiful 
camera pos 327.txt i had a chance to compare it with a tokina glass . canon is better on a contrast and better on a distortion , same or even slightly worse on a sharpness , and complete looser on a build quality . if you are ok with 12mm - get tokina 
software pos 246.txt as far as gps software goes , there is nothing better available than streets & trips and autoroute . there are dozens of features that you ca n't find with the self-contained gps units . it is easy to add multiple stops and to optimize them into the best order , night-view is another great feature , as are the topographical maps . the new feature offered this year , of easy-linking to satellite photos of places on the map , is also a welcome addition . the only reason i 'm giving it a four is because of the following : 1 ) there is still no ground-level or 3d view of the roads for use in the gps function 2 ) they still have n't added an option to exclude roads that ban trucks or commercial traffic form using them . 3 ) there is n't a lot of coverage for eastern european countries , most notably , nothing in russia . nonetheless , it is still better than any other gps software on the market 
software pos 147.txt this suite of applications is excellent . they run much faster on my mac than even the equivalent mac programs . i love them and use them quite happily every single day . a great value for students and teachers 
health pos 742.txt i am so happy with aquasana shower filter . i live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored . as a consequence , my skin shortly turned dry and i continuously got skin problems . i even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday . now that i have found aquasana , i feel so happy . it does what it promises . i could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time . and it did feel like showering in natural spring water . i could n't be happier with this product 
dvd neg 806.txt the only good thing on this dvd are the interview segments with gidget gein . this was the most boring dvd i have ever watched and i actually started to fall asleep the first time i attempted to watch it 
camera pos 940.txt i 've had other 3 digital cameras and this is the best i think , i shots very quick , flash is brighty , and even soft flash for more natural shots . can browse pictures very fast and is has a lot of posibilities to edit inside the camera , is light tiny and slim . one of the best cameras . i do n't find a negative feature on it . i love it 
books pos 367.txt elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this 
camera pos 713.txt i really enjoy this small , high quality camara . i purchased a 2.0 gb memory disk so i could take advantage of the 7.1 mega pixel.and i get great pix everytime . i have lots of fun with it . since its so small , it 's easy to take everywhere with me . i also get lots of compliments on it 's " fashionable " sleek design . i highly recomend his camera . 
health pos 934.txt i love the olay regenerist line ! moisturizes your skin and makes it smooth . you will see a big difference after the first use ! i 've been using this product for 2 years now and just recently started the serum and it 's great . 
dvd pos 419.txt this workout is nice because it does n't mess around . there are no long introductions you ca n't fast-forward through and the workout itself is challenging both the abdominal and breath series and the side series ( which is all legs and hips ) are really challenging and i plan on doing them to keep my muscles toned even after delivery . one complaint is that apparently she releases the videos herself and they are n't available very widespread in retail stores . i also would have liked it if they had included more arm work or a postnatal workout . all in all though great 
music neg 391.txt i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime 
dvd pos 315.txt so , why give justice league the full 5 stars ? because it appeals to every generation in my family . i bought this for my 4 year old son who is enamored with superheros . as we hung out together watching the shows , i was as engrossed in the story as my son . then i noticed that my wife was intrigued ; and so were the grandparents ! the characters and plots are very well developed for a " cartoon " , so it is more like watching a dramatic series . watching the series allows you to pick up on sub-plots too ; like the attraction between batman and wonderwoman - jean jone 's struggle to find a place as the last of his people - and the entire groups struggle to work together as a cohesive team . another excellent buy to consider would be the spiderman the new animated series 
music neg 942.txt awful . i mean , really awful...and i liked " self portrait " because you knew dylan was just trying to have some fun with his image . this album is just a disaster . the lyrics are ok on most songs ( i 've seen worse by dylan ) , but the music is unexciting , not very creative , and downright embarrassing on some tracks . why , oh , why did you have to make an album like this , bob ? such talented people at your disposal for these sessions , and you threw it away on garbage arrangements . shameful . really sad . 
camera pos 122.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
music neg 707.txt after discovering and loving the sound of gotan project i was shopping around for groups with a similar sound . i stumbled along emigrante and upon reading the other reviews written on this site about this cd , i thought i had found another gem . boy was i wrong . the first track drew me in and left me spellbound , unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . i was listening to the cd for the first time in my car and forgot it was even on . the rest of the songs were so uninspiring , the music soon became nothing more than meaningless background noise 
software neg 157.txt obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone 
music neg 131.txt there is a reason why you cannot listen to any tracks on amazon - you would n't buy if you could . i read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . this band is nothing even near metallica . i have thrown the disk away - do n't bother 
music pos 708.txt chandos ' grainger edition is a significant contribution to modern art . this particular volume ( vol . 14 ) features grainger 's settings of various folk and popular songs which he made in the first quarter of the 20th century . the accompaniments are set for small ensembles , and grainger utilized the harmonium on many of the song settings on this disc . sound is 24-bit 
dvd pos 341.txt flashdance with jennifer beals is such a 80 's icon movie and not only that but it has a amazing soundtrack to follow... . alex played by jennifer is a trying to start a career as a dancer , but has no experience from any dance school . so she wants to impress a bunch of dance people to let her in their school... . the movie has great scencic views and has great songs from a amazing soundtrack... . jennifer lopez 's song " i 'm glad " has a flashdance theme so if you ever get the chance check out that video... . if you love your 80 movies then rent this one tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 57.txt i purchased this camera online one month ago from amazon here [...] and i have taken pictures from alaska to florida and in washington i love how the mark ii captures images imho more clearly than any film slr could ever take . best camera i have every use 
dvd pos 659.txt i just finished watching callie and son . i got my copy from the dollar store and it has another movie ( power passion and murder ) with michelle pfeiffer in it as well.. . it really was n't that bad , considering the price i paid . lindsay wagner is actually the main character and i think she did a great job , as did most of the actors in this film . the only trouble is the movie lasted about a hour longer than it needed to . with a bit of editing and a bit better script , it would have been a great movie ! the end was somewhat unexpected and horrifying.. . i 'd recommend it for someone to watch once , but i would n't pay more than i did for it . the dvd quality is really poor , the sound fades in and out , but for what it was , a bargain bin cheapy , i was pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed it . 
health pos 891.txt very nice scale , worked wonderfully for a family member of mine with poor eyesigh 
health pos 883.txt this is a very good product . it helps prolong the life of the electric razor 
music pos 130.txt i just refreshed my ears listening to " riot " again ! getting to to hear 1 / 2 full , which clocking in at just over 4 minutes , is sheer electric blues magic . the price of this album is worth this one rocker alone . it was nice to see it on " easy street " ( along with lukin ' excellent ! ) any way this number totally kicks ! definitely get this if you do n't already own it . 
camera neg 684.txt offers no eye comfort whatsoever . magnification is very weak . stick to original eye cu 
dvd pos 98.txt this movie is funny and by being so bold in so many ways is refreshing . it presents realistic characters without worrying about offending people by presenting sterotypes . it takes the time to develope the story effectively without boring the audience . it is a long movie but it moves at a great and effective pace . it is full of laughs . joe pesci is one of the best comic actors of all time . i do n't think that anyone else could have pulled of the part of vinny nearly as well . marisa was great as well and it was hard to find a performance that was less than great . the writing and directing , two things that often get overlooked , was wonderful . the only weakness ? the case is a little fantastic . it is hard to believe the coincidences in the movie that lead to the boys being accused of the crime . of course movie plots do n't have to make perfect sense but this stretches it . though i usually do n't like excessive foul language , this movie uses it in a funny way . i guess it would n't work without it.. . but do n't be mistaken....it has a lot of bad language . do n't let kids under 17 watch it without supervision 
health neg 988.txt i loved ths retractable cord hair dryer when i first bought it about a year ago . now it 's starting to stop running . it appears to be a short in the power cord in the inclosed casing . when i 'm using it...it works then it stops , then i shake it and then it starts to work again , sometimes . my last hair dryer lasted over 20 years . they just do n't make products like they use to . for this price i should n't expect much . i guess you really do get what you pay for ! this hair dryer is perfect to take on an airline . if it 's not allowed on the plane and they throw it out , ......who cares 
dvd pos 956.txt david cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of stephen king 's novel , and christopher walken was superb in his portrayal of johnny smith ( no middle initial ) . the supporting cast added to the film : martin sheen was a convincing greg stilson ( was this a warm up for his west wing role ? ) , i 'm a big fan of tom skerritt , and i did n't recognize herbert lom from his pink panther role . this movie ( and the book ) are put in the horror genre , but i would consider the story to be true science fiction . smith 's character was in a coma for several years , and the story 's premise is that this coma enabled his brain to tap into psychic ablilities . there is nothing supernatural about the villains ; they 're just normal bad people . this movie is not completely faithful to the movie . some of the changes are to make it fit a moderately lengthed movie ( 104 minutes ) instead of a 400+ page novel . some of the changes add moderate suspense , keeping the interest of someone who read the novel first . i do question the need for some of the changes - - i do n't know why johnny smith 's psychic abilities required personal contact in the movie ( he could learn things touching people 's clothes or a geographic spot in the book ) , and i did n't think it was necessary of having his tutoree be a younger boy in the movie instead of a teenager as in the book ( this made for what i considered weaker parts of the movie ) . true science fiction is effective because it takes a normal person , puts them in an abnormal situation , and thus investigates the person 's character . due to the time constraints of the movie , it did not as effectively deal with the wrestlings of conscience smith had , but they were not absent either . as a result , the story ( both book and movie ) have a feel of a classic tragedy . this movie is not for children , though it could have easily gained a pg rating ( this movie came out the year before pg-13 was introduced ) . the r rating was gained by one usage of the f-word , a couple of seconds of a revealed breast , and a short gruesome scene involving the death of a character . ( cromemberg has a reputation for gruesomeness in his other movies , like " scanners " , " videodrome " , and the 1986 remake of " the fly " ; this movie had him more subdued , but very effective . ) besides the r-rating , there are aspects of the story ( equally true in the novel as in the movie ) that i find disturbing as a fundamentalist minister . this is because of its dependence on situation ethics . adultery and murder are considered acceptable on the part of johnny smith because of the situations . in spite of these misgivings , i think this was an excellent movie . i think it was worthy of several awards , such as acting nominations for walken and sheen , for adapted screenplay , and for best picture . 
health neg 26.txt i do n't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles . it 's basically just gatorade with more sugar in it . if you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere 
music pos 570.txt stick to singing in spanish , shak 
camera pos 892.txt good product , probably the best digital frame in the market . drawbacks are the user interface and the difficulty to set-up the wireless connection 
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close 
camera neg 619.txt to add on to the previous reviewers , i was very disappointed with this camera 's performance . i compared the " 5 megapixel " photos with photos taken with my canon , powershot g3 ( 4megapixels ) , and the scd6550 simply did not produce the same quality stills . the camera itself also seemed flimsy . the idea of having a two-in-one camera is so attractive . but another attractive concept , canon 's elura50 , offered a camcorder with a compact design . in the end , however , it broke down only after a year and a half . for a $500 purchase that is not a durable lifespan ( cf. reviews for elura50 and you will see that many are having hardware problems ) . this camera seemed less durable than the elura50 as i maneuvered the various parts and dials . of course , i am returning the camera before it can prove its durability . nevertheless , maybe the folks at cnet can stake their money on it . lastly , i should add that the positioning of the record button and function dials are poorly placed . i found that i had to use both hands when switching back and forth from camcorder to still cam modes as well as simply engaging the record button . this definitely takes away from the idea of a convinient solution for capturing those special moments . again , this camera is a great idea . but , i suppose we should wait until the manufacturers make one that has both solid hardware and quality image recording . this one is on the right track , but , still so far from accomplishing a quality product . 
music neg 209.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
dvd pos 489.txt i really forgot how good some of those first season early episodes were until i bought the season 1 dvd . " skin deep " is probably the most entertaining episode of the series . other standouts are " china doll " and " j " digger " doyle " . what i enjoyed most was the 1982 crossover episode as the featuring gerald mcraney and jamison parker from simon and simon from season 2. also the simon episode " emeralds are a girls best friend " and although not as big a fan of later seasons , the 2 part season 5 opener w / a young unknown sharon stone playing a psycho...big surprise there . i found it neat with the discoesque theme song for the first 10 episodes too . you could see how the 4 main characters found their niche as the season progressed 
camera neg 371.txt the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right 
health neg 972.txt nothing but problems with unit since i received it . either it did not work when i went to use it or it had lost its memory and had to be recalibrated all over again . never had the same weight reading twice ! the only reason i rated it with 1 star is because it would not let me enter anything less 
health neg 843.txt i recieved these dead , they do n't fit right in most devices and i have n't been able to get them to work since they 've been recharged , it 's not my charger.... . waste of mone 
books neg 715.txt i can tell you first hand how amazon makes easy money . i am a formal seller here at amazon . not a big seller , but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.however amazon allows dishonest buyer 's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller 's in getting their merchandise back . sounds like retail fraud to me ! ! i wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.they are truly at the bottom ! 
health pos 893.txt we have it hanging in a closet and it has been working great ! when it changes color all i do is plug it in for about 10-12 hours and then hang it back up again ! we are very satisfied 
dvd neg 498.txt you know the feeling...that feeling of " oh my gosh , how did i ever spend money on this movie and when is it ever going to end ? " well , that 's what unfortunately accompanies this dull and somber film . unfortunately , because of its all-star cast , although this would n't be the first time in movie history where an all-star cast is wasted . aside from an interesting peek into the world of yale 's secret skull and bones society , a delightful cameo by joe pesci and a few too cute-by-half zingers , this movie has little or nothing to offer . it does n't keep one 's attention and by the time you try to care enough about what is going on , you realize that you do n't even care about the characters . matt damon 's skulking and scowling leading role lacks rhythm and chemistry , especially with the beautiful angelina jolie , and he is laughably miscast as a father . in fairness however , with the script he 's been given , it 's hard to see how damon could have done much better . the pacing of the film is extradinarily slow and one can just imagine people walking out of the theater before it ends . a huge disappoinment especially since director deniro is such a talented actor . skip it 
books neg 656.txt for the most part , the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book 's printing , but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms , be warned ; there are several places where the book goes awry , for example : the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus indicate that it was a solitary animal , occasionally hunting in pairs . problem : no tracks of a t . rex have been discovered to date , a decade and a half after the writing . aside from that and a few other points , though , the book is good reading 
camera neg 650.txt i just got this printer dock with a camera , and the printer feature is a real pain ! the paper will almost never feed no matter what i 've tried . when it does feed , it ends up jamming . i only successfully printed one picture and tried 7 others and then the laminate was gone . i 'm very unhappy with it and will probably send it back 
software pos 908.txt although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . such as blind chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs . the only thing i hate bout this game is the lack of options . you ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . no bgms ( backgroundmusic ) during chess matches . other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing chess . i think chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process . 
books neg 859.txt this book sucked . all the other people in my book group and i hated this book . there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa 
music neg 305.txt a friend of mine turned me on to spoon , and at first i listened enthusicatically.. . but then i got bored . although spoon 's songs may be catchy at times , they are empty and deviod of any alterations . the same simple drum beat mixed with the same simple guitar riff may be appealing for a minute or so , but in the end i do n't think i 've ever listened to an entire track . if this is 5 star music today , our culture is severely lacking depth 
health neg 114.txt the item pictured here is not what you will receive . you will receive a different model that has a different external and possibly internal design . most important is that the model you get will not have the little orange change filter indicator . this very important feature takes the guess-work out of when to change the filter . do n't buy this item from this seller if you expect to get what is pictured . thanks , pj-berk 
books neg 352.txt it 's a long read , the characters are boring , and the ending makes no sense at all . it is neither funny nor thrilling . it 's just plain dull 
software pos 649.txt i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up 
dvd pos 988.txt very good movie . great acting & plot . very touching . i am very glad i own this movie . i will watch it very often 
health neg 800.txt of course it works great - for as long as it works . after some time , my unit develped a leak . unlike better showerheads , the part connecting the head to the hose is assembled in two pieces that separate after time , causing the seals to not set properly , resulting in the kind of leak mine developed . unless you want to replace your showerhead every couple of years , i 'd stay away fom this model . and good luck navigating watrepik 's website to get any help 
music pos 352.txt i am very satisfied with the 1999 cd by prince . it was in top condition when it arrived . i would purchase again from the seller . thank 
books neg 944.txt i was eager to read this book only to find it a terrible dissapointment . one would think that a ' scholar ' such as he would have at least a basic understanding of the hebraic roots of judeo-christianity . it was obvious that he clearly was clueless to the known messianic signs spoken of in the gospels . he is also clueless to the pharisidical judaism of the time..not comprehending that all of christ 's teachings were completely in keeping with true judaism . all of which can be found in contemporary rabbinical teachings of his time . this book , which some unfortunate readers will swallow as truth will only continue to propagate a backward understanding of the gospels . like it or not..the new testament writings are hebraic and explain what fulfilled judaism is . those who need to divorce judaism from christianity are offering a church which is already confused , just more confusion . it is through studying the hebraic roots that we even begin to understand the ' difficult ' sayings of our lord ; ' fullfillment of the law ' , binding and loosing ( the law ) ..etc as well as the parables . the delivering of the deaf mute..was a messianic sign , because the rabbi 's knew that ' they ' had to ask the said demon its name but he did not . lazerus 's resurrection was a messianic sign because the rabbi 's believed that anyone could come back to life during the first ' three ' days after death . cleansing of a leper was messainic sign because the rabbi 's understood that it was a ' divine ' punishment , that only god could lift . how else can we link isa 53 with the ' stripes ' he was to received as part of fulfilling the punishment the law required for transgression , and yet ' minus one' . had our lord transgressed the law , then the jews themselves could have legally killed him . remember paul ( saul ) ? he also does not understand john and his huge part in the whole picture , in that the kingdom ' began ' with john . he was the ' breachmaker ' as fortold in prophecy . this is hebraic roots 101. people , please study the hebraic roots of christianity and do not waste your time with this book . the fact that he keeps defending his position as ' not ' anti-semetic , should give you a clue 
software pos 163.txt i was afraid at first not to order directly from adobe but decided to take the cheaper route . it was obviously worth it - everything arrived perfectly - wrapped up , original cd set , etc. shipped in record time as well . eyal 
health pos 374.txt clif bars are amoung the best tasting energy bars i have ever tried . they may not pack as many calories or grams of protein as other brands , but there have been times where i could not even finish a competeing bar because of dismal taste or texture 
books neg 866.txt sedgwick 's character is a perverted boring loser . worst book i 've ever read- -well , almost read . talentless . end of story 
health neg 828.txt i thought they might 've improved the hgm 15 model . forget about it . both models are lousy . buy foreign . it might work better 
books pos 719.txt stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality 
software pos 980.txt **things i liked about the program it supports importing ojb files , that i make in different modeling programs the walking path editor works not too bad for simulated walking and the rigs have good looking emontions when you moves there face features **what i found to be not so good the tabs such as the library and keyframe bar are kind of hidden on the side because of his small they are . i find the slection tool in the hair room to be alittle bit annoying when trying to grow dynamic hair groups . i most of the time end up growing hair on too many facets . the control points are too senative , they end up twisting the body in un-natrual forms . the rendering takes a very long , and the rendering shader doesent always save my settings . i end up transporting the animation to another program to render faster . some of the cloths i cant set them up to be childern to the body parts so they end up not being connected to anything . i 'm sure there more on my mind by i dont have much time to write up an review . just keep in mind 3d animation isnt perfectly easy . a good modeling programs to make obj files will go a long way . 
health neg 424.txt worst product on the market ! a huge disappointment . i was very careful to use as directed . the result ? one big mess ! the lens were smeared and foggy with bubbles in them and i had no choice but to throw them away 
camera neg 795.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision . 
camera neg 823.txt i recommend not to purchase this item . look for another one . the lens itself seems ok , although i ca n't really say , but the adapter which is built in to the lens is shoddy and cumbersome and ruins the the whole deal . the adapter is a quick release type where one end attaches to the camera and the lens simply snaps in , or is quickly released . this would be great , except for two very important things . one , the lens fits very loosely in the quick release adapter . this causes some major distortion , especially when moving . two , the housing is made of thin plastic which does not seem very durable . in fact it is so cheaply thin that i am afraid to leave it in my car because the heat may distort the plastic . one drop , even a small one , and it is done for 
dvd pos 832.txt grew up watching have gun will travel . very pleased to have it out on a dvd format . watched the first season and am very pleased . bought season 2 and season 3 also . anxiously awaiting 4 , 5 , and 6 
camera neg 521.txt i 've had this camera just over a year ( figures ) and it has gone completely bonkers on me . sometimes it works and other times it puts black lines across the screen making it useless . you never know when you turn it on whether it will work or not - - making it completely unreliable . keep in mind that this camera was used almost entirely inside for my business , so it was n't abused , dropped , thrown in the bottom of a purse , etc. it was treated very carefully and probably only shot about 2 , 000 pictures total . frankly , i 'm kind of glad it broke so that i have an excuse to replace it . here 's why : 1. takes beautiful still shots , but forget about any kind of action . it takes too long between shots to get good action . it also blurs nearly all the action shots i 've ever taken , regardless of what mode it 's in . 2. the red-eye is aweful . it should do better . i doubt that i 'll ever buy another canon 
camera neg 154.txt the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it 
software pos 296.txt i love toast , and have had it since version 3. do n't have tivo , so ca n't comment on usability , but for everything else it works better than software that comes with mac . ca n't wait to try double-density and blu-ray , with which this is compatible . even earlier versions could burn more different kinds of media than the burn software that came with the mac . a friend of mine just switched from pc to mac , and this was the first software that i suggested he buy . as another reviewer said , if you have toast , you do n't need popcorn . the best ! ! 
software neg 585.txt i read previous reviews about not being able to run the program because the computer recognized it as a copied disk . i thought this could n't possibly happen on my high tech computer.. . i was wrong.. . even though i purchased a legitamate copy , the program still would not let me run it... . buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 13.txt i can honestly say that when i first heard scarling 's " so long , scarecrow " , i was less than impressed . i 've been into scarling for a few years now , and when i heard their first record , " sweet heart dealer " , i instantly fell in love . i somewhat held it above everything else , i was so impressed by it . so when i heard the progression from shd to sls , i was a little bit let down . but after three solid listens , from first to last , i was totally amazed by this record . it was like something clicked and i was able to see the beauty each track held . i seriously listen to this cd almost everyday . although i prefer some tracks to others [ ( northbound on ) cauhenga ! ] , i really ca n't think of one track that i just do n't like . it now takes place in my favorites over shd . i feel that this record can really appeal to anyone ; it 's very versatile . and , as always , jessicka 's beautiful vocals compliment the indescribable amazingness of the music wonderfully . if you 're indecisive about purchasing this record , i say bite the bullet , give it a few solid listens , and promptly be blown away 
music neg 12.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
books neg 799.txt with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd 
software pos 161.txt first , if you 're thinking about using these photos for print , you may wish to think again . most objects run between 300-600 pixels in width or height , or 1-2 inches at 300 dpi . stretch them bigger than that , and they 'll start to blur and / or get jagged . also note , that if you try to export / save an image from the hemera image browser and select the 300 dpi setting , the browser may stretch the graphic larger than it 's actual size , causing blurring and jaggedness right out of the gate . you need to use the " use image 's full size " checkbox when exporting images . if you specify a 300 dpi size , and do n't use that checkbox , you 'll get a stretched image . for example , the first image in the collection ( the pocket watch ) is only 384 pixels wide . if you specify 300 dpi and do n't check the " use image 's full size " box , the software will stretch it to 642 pixels wide . the stretching will cause the image to look fuzzier and / or more jagged when you use it in a web site or print project . all that said , if you 're going to use the images for the web , they 're great . you get almost all the images you 'd find in their three " photo objects " collections , each of which is much more expensive than this single collection . the difference is the photo objects collections offer about 20-30% higher resolution ( i.e. the first image in the collection is 384 pixels wide , but is 492 pixels wide in photo objects ) and you can save the photo objects images with transparent backgrounds ( while this collection forces you to specify a color for the background ) . for the price , this is a good collection . there are lots of shots with minor variations , so it may seem like duplication , but for someone trying to get something just right , that slightly different tilt of the head may be just what the doctor ordered 
dvd neg 493.txt i gotta say this movie is an example of a terrible idea , swain husband beats the crap outta her and she spends her time running from him . what 's worse his friend is a lunatic who want swain 's character . swain 's character is a hillbilly who like 's an upper class doctor who she really never connects with , i never really got why swain settled for a lunatic when she was trying to find inner peace thru the whole movie . this movie puts a bad taste in my mouth , it was a waste of my time it wasnt a story it was an excuse to make a bad movie . ( do not buy ) 
software pos 824.txt absolutely love this program . i 'd been using norton for years and so was initially hesitant to switch . its not as user friendly as norton and has the annoying habit of repeatedly asking for permission even after it has been granted . on the upside this feature adds to its efficiency and gives the user complete control over all internet activity , making it an exceptionally good security program . 
dvd neg 865.txt ...but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time 
health neg 410.txt i 've tried this razor for 5 weeks , both wet and dry and can only say that this is the worst electric razor that i 've ever used . it does n't give a close shave and requires a second shave with a standard razor to remove some of the stubble . i should have bought a new norelco instead of this . my old norelco always shaved me close . this panasonic would still be handy as a travel razor , or to be used in a pinch . but for a close shaving everyday razor , this is n't the one to buy . oh well , i waited too long to send it back 
music neg 895.txt jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time 
books pos 527.txt explodes upon the crime-detective scene . the hundreth man , his first book was excellent and the death collectors is as good and even better . ca n't wait for the next one ! why this is an amazon sale item befuddles me . but since it is , grab this bargain while you can because it is a terrific novel ! the psit team of lapd , carson ryder and harry nautilus are faced with a dual-time mystery . more than 30 years in the past , a serial killer with a following of mesmerized women who adore him , is killed in the courtroom the day he is sentenced . and now ; starting with the grizzly find of a murdered prostitute in a seedy motel room...it seems as though the serial killer has risen from the dead to continue his reign of terror . each time a new murder surfaces the killer is a step ahead and just out of reach of carson and harry . the touch of subtle humor adds bas-relief without taking anything away from the thread of the story and lightens it tension for brief seconds at a time.perfect ! the murders are freakish ! disgusting ! brutal ! but the two psit detectives refuse to give up and what finally unravels the twisted cloth of this old / new mystery will knock you out of your chair . a truly masterfully plotted novel with two familiar and charismatic ' partners against crime' . a series to follow and enjoy . get both of kerley 's books and double your pleasure ! try them , you 'll like them and you 'll love jack kerley . i promise ! ! 
camera pos 955.txt i bought this camera just before a trip to ca and then a cruise ! it is very easy to operate ( even for a techno-retard like me ) and the pictures turned out great ! i have started to use the filming feature recently as my video recorder is with my son @ college and i want to film my daughter 's drill team performances ! i really like the fact that it does n't turn on while in my purse ! ! ! my old camera did that a couple of times , and i ended up with quite a few pictures of the contents of my purse - anyone want one ? ( lol ) all in all , a great buy ! 8 months later and the lcd display is gone ! literally , gone ! do n't know what happened - took pictures / movies of daughter 's drill team performance , and when i got it out again to take pictures before sadie hawkins , it would still take pictures ( i just downloaded them ) but since the display looks like " a piece of plaid fabric with a marijuana leaf coming in from the right side " i do n't know what i 'm taking a picture of ! need to replace soon ! i 'm ( now ) bummed 
camera neg 208.txt i 've had the a510 for about six months and have been pleasantly surprised by the ease of use and reasonable picture quality for a 3.2m camera . after six months the lens and cover have jammed and i noticed that many amazon reviewers have had the same issue . one evening i took several pictures and the next morning the camera would not operate . i 'm hoping the service center can provide me better service than some of the reviewers . 
software pos 937.txt i tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . this program has been fantastic ! 
health neg 603.txt i could n't even make it to that " magic " fourth or fifth day when all cravings are supposed to magically disappear . from the very beginning , i was so incredibly jittery , which is 1 of the claims hoodia reps make . i , also feel sleepy all the time , yet i ca n't nap and my sleep has been severely disrupted by all the jitteriness - i 'm what you call too tired to sleep ! really , how many over-the counter appetite suppressants actually work . i believe none of them work better than a placebo ( and maybe that 's what some of you are experiencing ? ) . do n't bother with this one . a total waste of a lot of money - this stuff is n't exactly cheap , either ; take your $$ and go buy some sneakers , get a little exercise & you 'll be a lot better off ! 
software neg 593.txt contrary to the advertising about runs on vista , what comes in the box may not run on vista . upgrade now says you are up to date but it is not . , however , you can use product id to download the real vista version . beware the product license says " the software...is provided on as as is basis without warranty of any kind.. . " i had a major mess with nuance 's product verification process . when the product did start to run , it was not correct . to date i 've been charged for two support incidents ( maybe more billing will hit my credit card later ) and i 've logged 3 hours on the phone within the first two weeks as well as several emails . otherwise i like the product but one should not have to have hours of grief and pay and pay to get it running the first time . i 'll never by another nuance product . 
music pos 712.txt this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound . 
camera neg 753.txt my cheap 10x50 rugged exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . the rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and i could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round " binocular effect " . i did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but i doubt it 
software pos 897.txt the computer game version of the number devil closely follows the book , as kids progress through sections on prime numbers , the fibonacci series , pascal 's triangle , and an infinite series approaching one . nine of the ten games worked well for us , but nobody in the family was ever able to complete the tenth , the arrow game . we understood the math , but could n't react quickly enough to shoot down all the arrows . this was disappointing , because we could never reach the bonus section . all in all , though , this is a good investment for a child , 8 or up , who loves or wants to understand the mystery of numbers 
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate 
music pos 25.txt without a doubt , the highlight is the dvd of the 1975 show in london . " born to run , " the album , had put him on the cover of " time " and " newsweek " the same week in october , 1975 , one of the very few times that has happened for a non-news story . the publicity and hype generated by columbia records was so overwhelming that there was a backlash : " nobody can be that good . " so here we see his first show ever in the uk , playing to an audience of professional critics and amateur skeptics , people thinking , " hey , ' rock and roll future , ' this is the land of the beatles , the rolling stones , the who - who do you think you 're kidding . no unknown kid from america deserves ' time ' and ' newsweek . ' " the show begins in almost total darkness , a piano softly plays , then harmonica , and a soft spotlight lights the kid from new jersey who sings " thunder road , " accompanied by only piano . an unknown song at the time , " thunder road " has become a springsteen classic . imho , especially given the expectations , it is a perfect understated opening . the dvd has the entire show , including everything from the hard rock of " she 's the one , " and " born to run , " the song , to a much slowed down version of " for you , " an underated sleeper on his first album , " greeting from asbuty park , nj . " bruce accompanies himself on the piano and i swear , this version of " for you " is so beautiful it could be the scruffy new jersey kid channeling god . any skeptic who walked out of this show thinking springsteen was merely hype has no ears , no taste , or was xenophobic . the show gives more than a big hint that this springsteen guy is for real , as a songwriter and performer , and that " born to run , " especially , is an extraodinary album . there are only eight songs , but none are fill . repeated listenings of the four corners of the album ( before cds ) " backstreets , " " jungleland , " thunder road , " and the title song are so good they become.. . well , addictive , works of genius , and lead to still more listening . " tenth avenue freeze out , " " night , " and especially " she 's the one " could each be the centerpiece of almost any other album . even the whispered " meeting across the river , " fits and helps the album become a coherent whole . the songs taken together are more than the sum of the parts . as a footnote i 'll offer the opinion that bruce only wrote one other album that is as good as " born to run " and that is his next one , " darkness on the edge of town . " everything he has released is good ; a good bit of it is great , but i do n't think anything else matches " born to run " or " darkness . " i do n't know if two other back to back albums this good have ever been released . the dvd of the show gives us a big early peek at the guy who would develop into rock 's greatest performer . by 1985 he would be the biggest rock star in the world , selling out multiple nights at football stadiums . the remastered cd is nothing special to my ears . perhaps an audiophile could hear improvement . the dvd , " the making of ' born to run , ' " is interesting , but will probably appeal mainly to fans . however the dvd of the 1975 london show ought to appeal to anyone who likes bruce , or rock & roll , or showmanship , or history . its a treat 
music pos 750.txt always loved this group....own several of their cd 's and this is by far my favorite . darryl hall 's phrasing of his songs are superb . 
software pos 701.txt there are several real advantages to using quicken willmaker software . 1. the legal part of the software was done by nolo . they publish an awful lot of do-it-yourself software , and are well respected ( if you are not a lawyer ) . nolos involvement helps to assure me of a quality product . 2. the user interface , a fill in the blank approach with a lot of help screens , make the whole process quite easy and painless to go through . 3. besides the standard last will , the package includes a number of other documents that you may want decide you need . among others this includes living trust , living will , final arrangements , notice to terminate joint credit card accounts , child care agreement & instructions , and many more . having said that , there are two problems with the software : 1. if you live in louisiana , your laws are based on the french system , not the english system and there is a caution on the box that says : ' estate planning documents not valid in louisiana . ' 2. there has been at least one law suit saying that if you fill out the will for another person , you may be practicing law without a license . do a google search on ' heirs sue over will-making software ' where someone apparently used this software to do a will for a lady . 
books pos 870.txt the snow goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read . set on the coast of england at the time of dunkirk , it is less about the strife of wwii itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them . it is a story about nature , love , and nobility of spirit . to say more would be to give too much away . but it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades , and i reread it when i need to be reminded what is important in life 
music neg 97.txt maybe her harp playing could be acceptable , but when she sings.. . everything turns awful . the worst singer i ever heard 
software pos 787.txt i am enjoying the talk now ! learn bulgarian cd . great images , repetitive visual and auditory instruction make learning the basic words , numbers , time , etc. easy . also , the games add interest . you can print out each section with photos and words in bulgarian . however , i would have liked to see the program come with the cyrillic alphabet and pronunciation guide . 
dvd neg 853.txt cool band . worst videos ever . ever . makes me like them less . fearless freaks is good . this is garbage.. . 
software neg 645.txt i 've used printmaster 12 platinum on dvd and liked it well enough but the disk wore out . i knew from reviews of subsequent versions that broderbund was giving us less and less but even still i was stunned by just how much less . where are all the projects ? even counting the online projects there just is n't much here for anyone . for kid 's masks , version 12 has at least a dozen but this version gives you 2 ! the cards are terrible - many are just small clipart images with a white background . ( at least you wo n't need much ink ) . in short , if you want to create anything decent you 'll have to design it yourself . inspired by the one nice-looking cut-out card , i was able to search the art work and create several nice cards that i would be pleased to send . 
books pos 425.txt it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends 
books pos 754.txt generations of hate come together in this book . pete braga killed franklin mcmichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952. the next generation carried on the tradition when gabriel mcmichael supposedly beat pete 's son , victor , so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage , rendering him with the iq of a ten-year old . the third generation was nave to all this hatred when thomas mcmichael fell in love with pete 's granddaughter patricia . the love of his life was driven away at a young age when grandfather pete refused to permit their love to blossom . while the mcmichael family existed in near poverety , the braga family thrived in power and money . so now thomas has a problem . the root of all his family 's hatred , pete braga , has been found dead . he was murdered by someone at his home . thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead . given his many enemies , the list of suspects is long . it does n't help that the first suspect , sally rainwater...pete 's personal nurse , becomes the object of thomas ' heart as the investigation unravels . the story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as thomas mcmichael is determined , despite his family 's hatred of pete , to find out who is behind the killing and why . author t . jefferson parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style . frederick a . babb 
software neg 367.txt normally i might wait to install a new software upgrade , but i just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use office 2007 with the new vista operating system . i was wrong . you would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . but after a month of using office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . microsoft should be ashamed . i do n't know the root cause of my problems , but i have to stress that i am running a clean install of office 2007 on vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues . so what are my issues ? the list is long : - - my biggest concern is that ms word constantly hangs and stalls . it can making editing a document very painful . i suspect the problem is when i put images or visio diagrams into a document . but that is something the old ms word was able to do without an issue . oddly , if i have a colleague open the document and save it out in word 2003 , the problem goes away ! what ? ! it 's killing my productivity . - - when ever i cut and paste from an old document , word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . and often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . i keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . this never happened in the old word . this is another time killer . - - every few days , outlook 2007 starts telling me that it cannot display my email folders . uh oh ! i have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . - - outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send - - they look like a mess . it is because outlook 2007 does not render html correctly since it uses the word engine , not internet explorer to display email . i have no idea why microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . - - many of the issues in the old word 2003 still have n't been fixed . if you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . why ca n't they solve this one ? - - while most office programs have the new ribbon interface ( which i like ) , some programs like visio 2007 do not . so you have to remember how to use two interfaces . could n't microsoft find the time and money to update all its programs ? give me a break . - - on a few occassions in visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . at first i thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . a few times i 've gotten an error message and lost my work . ug. - - word and excel 2007 use a completely new file format . so anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed ( which is n't likely the case ) . to get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive - - one in the new format and one in the old format . what a pain ! also , there definitely seems to be an issue with office 2007 opening older office 2003 files . could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way i can avoid using old files . they should have worked harder on compatibility . there are good things about the new 2007. i do like the new interface design and the new features in outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar . but i do n't think it 's fair that microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . i did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . surely they can afford to do better ! 
books pos 441.txt with relations between the west and the islamic world worsening rapidly , a better understanding of islam and its roots is badly needed in the west . one major barrier between understanding islamic culture is the key sacred text , the q'uran , has been little studied in the west , and until recently , good translations were unavailable . many qurans were translated into the same sort of english as the king james bible , and not a glint of the quran 's revevered poetic beauty was reflected in such translations . thankfully , better translations in modern english are being made by leading islamic scholars who have a more sensitive ear to the poetry of the quran , as well as a better understanding of the influence and appeal this text has for believing muslims . like all great works of literature , especially a poetic one like the quran , its power and beauty can only be appreciated in its original language . this is why muslims often say the quran is untranslateable , but when one hears a verse of the quran being sung aloud with a little knowledge of arabic , the beauty ( while unfortunately not fully understandable ) does start to become apparent . but , even in translation , when read carefully the quran still has great beauty from a literary viewpoint . the most beautiful part of the quran in my view is the ' light ' surah , which compares god to a light whose glory fills the entire cosmos . this surah has been a favourite with sufis , islamic theologians like al-ghazzali , and also muslim philosophers as well . while the quran does contain descriptions of violence and its style is often difficult to read for the westerner , it is important to study this work with patience and try and see it as an organic whole rather than a fragmented jumble of poems . it is in this sense the deep underlying unity of the quran and its theology ( which reflects the unity of allah , the divinity in islam ) becomes apparent , especially in the names of god . a good knowledge of this religious classic is becoming indispensible in a world where islam is becoming more important to understand from a global perspective 
software pos 6.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone . 
camera pos 140.txt this is n't a full review but some thoughts i 've had after using it for a long time . stabilization - the fact is that if this is the camera you take everywhere with you , you are going to either lose shots or have to use the flash . if flash does n't bother you , no sweat . but i 've never like the look of it . ease-of-use - great . voice memo - i use this feature all the time . it would be nice if it had a pause button because without it i end up with many small files . ex - this is where you set the exposure . casio does a great job putting everything in one place . the only thing they should have done better is that if you have changed a selection ( e.g. iso 200 to 400 ) and hit the shutter release it should take the shot . instead nothing happens . you have to click set first . it 's an extra step that you have to make during a critical time 
music neg 272.txt okay , i used to think that nelly was a fun guy to listen to . he made songs that i used to enjoy , such as st. louis , e.i. , country grammar , and ride wit me off of the cd " country grammar " . then there were a good amount of other good songs on " nellyville " . and the good thing about these cds was that there were not too many skip tracks . but with nellyville , nelly brought us the obnoxious hot in herre , a single that got plenty of radio playtime , but i could not stand . this was not a good sign for the future . then comes these two new cds , sweat and suit . i have not listened to most of suit , but i have listened to most of this , and it is pure garbage . this is the same nelly who made hot in herre for sure . it has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime . most of the tracks are much worse than hot in herre , if that is believable . i just want a decent cd from nelly , i am not expecting a classic . instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage , and i shake my head in disgust . avoid this one and get one of his older cds , or a cd from a better artist 
music neg 958.txt i am a huge fan of thomas newman but really this cd presents nothing new . it comes across as merely a re-hash of the airy , atmospheric , melody-free cues from his other recent scores . it has none of the originality of american beauty or road to perdition . frankly , as much as i like his scores , i do n't think this warranted a cd release , it 's just got too bland and ordinary , no matter how beautifully constructed and pristine it all sounds . a pity 
health pos 715.txt you wo n't have to use much lotion on your body after using this product . i love it... . 
dvd pos 335.txt small town america.. . only this is n't the pleasant and white-picketed small town america of film noir fame , it 's the gray and colorless small town america of neo-noir , and there 's the man on the sidewalk looking like a lost bum to prove it . a bum who 's being approached by that famous " man in a black trenchcoat " ... hard eight ( aka sydney , but i 've yet to see a version of it anywhere that actually claims that title ) is a debut pretty much as promising as blood simple to the brothers coen . paul thomas anderson immediately sets out to give us only the best , with actors he wants to make famous and a script that has characters doing almost nothing we want ( or expect ) them to do , but who yet remain completely sympathetic throughout . anderson also uses neo-noir color to great effect , allowing red and blue to do what harsh black and white contrast is supposed to do in classical noir . that said , anderson still knows where the majority of the talent lies , and despite the long takes and steady-cam shots that would develop into those dizzying long takes from later movies , he focuses most of his time on the characters ' faces , and just lets them be . if he had n't already done the amazing and always stunning later work of magnolia , boogie nights , and punch drunk love , i 'd say that this is a " promising debut that makes me impatient for the next anderson picture to come out , " but since he does now have four classics notched into his belt , i must say , " see this to see anderson at his roots , " and " man i ca n't wait for his next feature ! " - -polarisdi 
camera pos 318.txt puts a protective glass over your expensive gla$$ without distortion . 
dvd pos 774.txt about time urban works brings back " the cosby show " , but i wonder , what happened to " a different world " after the release cancellation of season 2 ? if any worker of urban works reads this , please reply ! ! ! ! 
dvd pos 366.txt this is one of the best animes i 've ever seen what does it for me is the same people that drew cowboy bebop has now drawn wolf 's rain . i love the music played in the series that 's why they made a cd came along with also a stuff amimal wolf . i wish their was a second season cause i began to love the show 
books neg 396.txt " ...minus several million for good thinking.. . " - zaphod beeblebrox , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy the above quote ( and the score i 've assigned to this book ) are n't in reference to the text or the author , but to the publishers . why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross professor hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me . briefly , save your money and buy the illustrated brief history of time instead of the theory of everything , even if you 're a compulsive hawking completist . alert readers should notice that hawking does n't hold the copyright for theory of everything , and attempted to block its publication . it was originally titled the cambridge lectures : life works , and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago . ( see the professor 's web site for details . ) the " vanilla " ( i.e. , not the illustrated ) theory of everything consists of an introduction , seven lectures , and an index , without *any* illustrations or diagrams . out of curiosity , i compared a library copy of it with the illustrated brief history of time . unless otherwise noted , each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in brief history , in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation ( and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text , if i may speculate as to the cause ) . i do n't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of theory of everything to the illustrated brief history of time , which not only has updates for new areas of research , but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson . " ideas about the universe " is essentially an extract from " our picture of the universe " , the first chapter of brief history , with about one sentence 's worth of drift per paragraph . brief history 's version of " the expanding universe " has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars , and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist , such as luminosity . theory of everything really shows its age in " black holes " when compared to brief history , as hawking has not been idle in that area over the years . the illustrated edition of brief history has had a fair bit of interesting material added to " black holes " , especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities ( hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with preskill and thorne , although he paid off the cygnus x-1 wager ) . " black holes ai n't so black " lacks major blocks of clarification / explanation added by hawking to the version in brief history . brief history 's version of " the origin and fate of the universe " goes into more detail : about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang , and what sort of results we 'd expect to see today if the predictions hold , and the scientists who first put forward these theories . brief history also contains a much longer version of the " open questions " section , leading more gradually up to the discussion of guth 's development of the inflationary model . " the direction of time " corresponds to brief history 's " the arrow of time " ( which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the u.s. cesium clock ) . brief history goes into more detailed examples to explain what hawking means by the psychological arrow of time , with the simplest kind of " computer " : an abacus . " the theory of everything " mainly corresponds to brief history 's more modestly titled " the unification of physics " , which is much more up to date ( string theories are still covered , but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years ) . the tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of brief history 's " conclusion " . - - in summary , this is interesting stuff , but the illustrated brief history of time does it better 
books pos 125.txt my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time . 
camera pos 480.txt the battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one battery is discharged i can just pop in the spare . it was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time 
health pos 473.txt just love the homedic foot bath . easy to use and very ssothing on the feet . the pedicure attachments are a plus . the price was just great ! 
camera neg 860.txt i was very happy with the previous model dsc-n1 , which took very nice pictures just with pointing and shooting . but this one , while i only had chance to use it indoors and outdoor in raining weather , it really disappointed me . the pictures are always blured due to too much exposure , i used auto flash , for which the camera should takes nice pictures as it is a point and shoot camera and it is 10.1mp ! i 'm going to try more when the weather gets better but most possible i will return it , i just ca n't accept the quality of the indoor pictures it takes . i doubt i was unlucky and got a bad one , i ca n't believe a 10.1mp sony camera takes so poor pictures . and after reading the previous review about the terrible sony custmer servce , i decide i will avoid sony customer service , and the camera will just be returned . note : found the review by cecelia choy " cece " on march 13 , 2007 mentioned the same problem i had . i did n't have this problem with my previous model dsc-n1. april 17 , 2006 : i bought a new one and it takes nice pictures now ! suggestion for those having the same problem i had before - - exchange for another one ! ! 
books neg 586.txt there 's nothing unique about this text - all the topics & discussions have been well covered in other basic textbooks on corporate finance , mergers etc... . the discussions lack depth . the whole concept of corporate strategy has been miscontrued by the authors... . the link between this and financial markets is very ambiguous & blur ! fyi i 'm a businessman & hold an mba in finance from an international university 
books neg 815.txt more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
dvd pos 582.txt charles laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as england 's king , henry the eigth , who infamously married six different queens , divorcing or executing them as circumstances warranted . the script to this magnificent alexander korda production is a witty jab at english history buffs , touching only briefly on the supposed treachery of ann boleyn , concentrating instead on the preposterous emotional life of the lusty , capacious king . laughton , as ever , is a marvel , skillfully presenting henry at first as a thinly-cariacatured lout , and gracefully embuing him with gradual shades of pathos and humanity . viewers who look to this film as historical drama are clearly missing the point : this is all about the cleverly-rendered script , which turns british schoolboy lessons on their heads , and on the classy ensemble acting , which admittedly may be hard to focus on with the lamentable quality of the current print ( i 'm writing in the year 2003 ; perhaps criterion or some other class-act movie restoration company can correct this problem soon ) . still , fans of early british cinema will enjoy this film a lot 
music neg 74.txt this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good . 
dvd pos 717.txt this is one of the best g3s . maybe even the best . i would have said that it was definitely the best if not for mr.malmsteen - the nicest thing one can say about the latter is that he knows his minor and major scales . but *i* do n't want to be nice . i want to be absolutely and unequivocally cruel when it comes to malmsteen . he knows alternate picking , i 'll give him that . but then , so do i - and a million others . he should n't be up there playing with vai and satriani solely because he can alternate pick faster than most ( not all ) people . and yet he is . he shows over and over again , in this show , that the only thing he can do with the guitar is shred and shred and shred some more . that 's all . one of the interesting things about this dvd is that one cannot really measure the time between two consecutive shredding runs that yngwie chooses to execute - it 's less than about a second . and this is an *average* figure . enough about yngwie , though he is the reason i 'm writing this review - satriani is absolutely amazing , as usual , with a brand new rendition of ' midnight ' and a nice solo at the end of ' starry night' . vai , though , steals the show . this coming from a guy who prefers satriani . but i ca n't help it - he is really that good . and better . ' i know you 're here ' ( which he plays on a triple neck jem ) contains at least seven new approaches to the same old things that you 're taught at guitar school . it is also the best song steve vai has ever written after ' fire garden suite' . ' juice ' and ' i 'm the hell outta here ' are also really really really good . overall , a great dvd , though you should probably skip the parts with yngwie in it 
books neg 325.txt robert allen 's previous book , multiple streams of income , is excellent and i ca n't say enough good things about it . this one was a major disappointment in comparison . he talks about the same rehashed internet marketing strategies that everyone else does . creating email lists , newsletters , blah , blah , blah.. . the most disappointing thing about robert allen - - and i lost so much respect for him over this - - is that he demonstrates how to get a bunch of people to order his product within minutes of putting out an email blast . what 's stupid about the whole thing , and demonstrates that he 's a snakeoil salesman scam artist , is that what he 's selling by email is a course on how to make money on the internet...so how do you make money on the internet ? according to robert allen , by selling courses showing people how to make money on the internet is the only way to make money on the internet . that 's a scam ! how does he sleep at night ? do n't buy this book . it 's a waste of money 
books neg 615.txt please be aware that this book contains very explicit information about every topic of sexual nature . read this book yourself before giving it to your child . it discusses oral sex , anal sex , how to use and purchase condoms , masturbation ( for girls and boys ) , etc. when the author discusses exploring your own sexuality , she says that if she had known about masturbating sooner she would have straighter teeth , as she would have stopped sucking her thumb . the cover of this book gives no clue to the depth of information covered within . it is in no way appropriate for a girl under the age of twelve . for many parents even the age of twelve would be inappropriate 
camera neg 44.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
software neg 837.txt this is the slowest . operating . system i have ever used . the first time i installed xp home , i did n't see what was so bad about it , but when we tried installing it on our new gateway machine , it imedettly slowed all system operations down to a crawl . even my brother 's laptop , which is a very fast machine , has xp pro , and it randomly slows down . do n't get this operating system . it 's slow , buggy , and expensive 
music pos 934.txt this is by far the best psychopathic album ever released . riddlebox is now in second place . madrox schools ever other artist on psychopathic with this album . beats are bangin ' and lyrics are flawless ! great flows and he mixes funny with wicked . best songs are this b*tch and hey phatty . great album by the best rapper of our time . madrox is so under rated . i wish for his sake he would blow up huge but not lose his soul in the process . buy this album , best rap album ever made 
music neg 459.txt disappointing to see a man of garbarek 's gifts drift inexorably towards artistic middle-age and the lure of mor classical and soft world-beat markets . no one expects him to do a ' jazz ' album nowadays but after a six-year recording hiatus we might have expected some innovation and sharpness in the settings he chooses . sadly , the evidence on this release is of an artist who 's content to mine the same musical territory for about 15 years now to the point of exhaustion ; theres nothing here he has n't said better on his previous three or four outings . all is not lost though , and there are moments of stark beauty here and there but they are mostly lost in a soft sticky morass of garbarek cliches and the kind of uninspired composition better suited to a film soundtrack or tv documentary about some beautiful natural environment . forget the misleading hype elsewhere and get hold of just about any of his albums from about 1972 through to 1987 and i guarantee you 'll feel better for it 
health pos 323.txt these never leak and are good enough to wear over night . this is the only diaper i buy 
health pos 797.txt this is the best bargain for your money.pampers swaddlers are better than pampers . even better than costco brand . worth every penny 
music pos 80.txt dave alvin 's sublime new cd is a cadre of songs written by californians either born and / or who grew up in this land . the lyrics talk about what it means to live and love in the land of dreams and broken promises . it is also a look at the story of the frontier in this large western state . dave alvin has a voice that is deep and smooth and like a friend of his said " infiltrates your brain like a shot of jack daniels . " dave alvin says " we started with a list of 25 songs , from steve gillette to captain beefheart and everything in between . i was even thinking of doing ' going back to cali ' as a blues thing . in the end , though , it was n't about choosing my favorite songs so much as choosing songs that i could sing well enough and arrange differently enough to make them interesting . " he has picked these songs carefully and each of them fit his style and voice well . of them all , and i like each and every one , my two favorite interpretations are " here in california " and " surfer girl " " california bloodlines " is a sentimental rendition of john stewart 's fine work , which finds peace in knowing " there 's california bloodlines in my heart / there 's a california woman in my song ... and a california heartbeat in my soul . " " redneck friend " the jackson brown less well known song was just right for dave alvin 's style . " kern river " is a song merle haggard wrote after losing his best friend , and it is a melancholy rendition . " blind love " from tom waits is sung in a bluesy style with some doo wops thrown in to give it style . " here in california " one of my favorites is sung with christy mcwilson . he felt this song needed a woman 's perspective . " i 'm bewildered " is an old richard berry , the great guitarist 's tune . backed up by the calvenes . " sonora 's death row " written by blackie ferrell is a fable that examines the price of acting out of greed and anger and ends up a as gun fighter 's tale . " down on the riverbed " is an old los lobos song that is sung in dave alvin 's old blues style . " between the cracks " a song written by dave alvin and tom russell is a heartbreaking tale of young boy told by a loving woman , with a rollicking tune . this is the only dave alvin orignal song in this cd . " do n't look now " a song sung by john fogerty is an old creedence clearwater revival . bluesy and fun to make it dave's . " tramps and hawkers " by jim ringer is a delicate country waltz , come dance with me , bk . lyrics are wonderful . " loser " by jerry garcia and robert hunter , is darker with more infused blues than garcia 's version . it could n't sound less like a deadhead song . dave alvin put in a psychedelic section that is a tribute to the san francisco sound " surfer girl " brian wilson 's first song is done with doo-wops and again the calvanes did background . this is my favorite of dave alvin 's interpretations , and he sings this surfin'song with some tongue in cheek . dave alvin gives voices of california to this cd . voices from the california coastline and the surf music it inspired to the " brown earth of the state " to the frontier life and the lives won and lost . dave alvin had made his mark on this state , and the writers who loved their lives by writing and singing about the state they love . play it often and pay attention to the subtle influence of this cd . " california dreamin ' ? " highly recommended . prisrob 6-04-06 
health pos 479.txt i love this book light ! it has survived countless drops to the hardwood floor by me and my 2 year old . it works great with hardback and paperback books . this is by far the best book light i have ever used 
dvd neg 732.txt the transformers gets my vote as the worst movie of the 1980's . it pains me to say this for i am a fan of the series . it was a travesty to see optimus prime ( the greatest of the transformers ) fall in battle and pass on the matrix of leadership to a successor ( rodimus prime ) who proved incapable of leadership . galvatron was a pathetic reincarnation of megatron- -he lacked the malevolent cunning of megatron and behaved like a raving lunatic . why would a decepticon warrior follow him into battle ? as for the new generations of autobots and decepticons introduced in the movie , they were forgettable . it amuses me that " fans " are raving about the movie now yet they did not pay to see the movie when it was released twenty years ago . the transformers failed at the box office and i am glad it did . as a fan , i was insulted . perhaps these other " fans " have allowed nostalgia to blind them to the ugly truth of this outrage . 
dvd neg 286.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look 
software pos 563.txt i am very pleased with the new 2007 hallmark card studio deluxe . i have owned previous versions of this product and for my needs , i am well satisfied . i especially like the ability to use suggested greetings and clip art to enhance my rubber stamped cards and scrapbooking projects . i have used this software to print banners and business flyers as well . it would be nice if multiple images could be contained in a text box . maybe in the future there will be more enhancements to this product for easiser use . i am pleased with the card selection , verses and graphics . for non professionals , i believe you get more than a fair value for the price 
music neg 342.txt i never could understand why the beatles are so popular ? they are pretty boring too just like pink floyd . each and every song on this album can put me to sleep in about 55 seconds . i just dont like it because it sucks ! dont listen to the moronic 5 star reviewers below . the beatles only made one good album and that 's the one which contains ballad of john and yoko , hey jude . 
health neg 549.txt i really like my electric toothbrush from oralb so i thought i would like this too . however , it just does n't work . the cartridges they have set up do n't work because as soon as you tug on them at all , the floss becomes loose and therefore wo n't vibrate - it only vibrates if it 's taut . but because of the way they have the cartridges set up , there is no way to make it taut again . it would have worked if instead they had used a roll of floss and let you feed it through yourself as needed , but they were too greedy and wanted to sell lots of cartridges . this would be ok if you got lots of use out of the cartridges , but in my experience they broke halfway through a single use . so.. . forget it 
music pos 943.txt purchased this album because of the great album cover , was i surprised when i popped it into my cd player . i had n't heard of rick braun before but after listening to this cd , i ran out and purchased everything he has ever recorded . never have i heard a trumpet sound so beautiful . share this music with someone you love 
dvd neg 226.txt i was hoping that " socermania " would be on the " extreme sports fun " dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the " disney treasures " this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough ' pluto 's blue note ' , ' donald 's dilemma ' ' no sail ' ' old sequoia ' and ' trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures " disney rarities " and " the chronological donald volume 2 " ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration 
camera neg 504.txt this is the worst camera i have ever owned in my life . i had a fuji 1.3 mega pixle camera that took better pictures than this one ! i have taken this camera on 2 vacations now , and both times i brought along my olympus slr film camera , and both times , the olympus pictures are clearer , brighter and all but maybe 1 will work , with this stupid sony cybershot , i end up deleting 3 / 4 of the pictures because they are blury or have all kinds of funny things happening , the only pictures that do work with this camera is during the day time , or in bright lighting . on the first vacation i went on with this camera , my friend brought along her kodak 1 megapixel camera she got free and it turned out better pictures , as did my olympus , on the second vacation i returned from today as i write this , i just downloaded my pictures , and deleted 2 / 3 's of them because they are so bad , the ones that came off my film camera are perfect ! my sister also has the exact same camera which she brought with her , and as i went through her pictures , same thing over 2 / 3 's of them did n't work , i would have just assumed i 'd gotten a defective camera if it was only my sony that did not work , however hers did n't either , i would also assume perhaps it was myself that was the problem , however , i took a number of the exact same picture on this sony as well as my olympus ( as a back up and thank god i did ) and the pictures from the olympus , as well as every other camera i have ever used , have come out fantastic , on this camera though , they come out horrible , so bad in fact that i 'm embarrassed to show people ! believe me , if i had n't gotten it free as a present i 'd be writing a nasty letter to sony , as it is though my next camera i 'm saving up for and buying from a brand that does nothing but photography equiptment , therefore knows what they 're doing . sony makes great tv 's and home entertainment systems , anything else i 've bought from them , or known someone who has , has been junk , their camera , their car stereos , their computers ! sony should stick to tv 's and home theater , it 's what they 're good at , camera 's not so much , unless you 're looking for something cheap that you 'd only use in the day , even then i 'd recommend a disposable , they even work better than this camera 
health neg 329.txt first , know this , it is a trimmer not a shaver ! with the included height attachment , your bound to have a little fuzz still left . without the attachment , you get closer results , but still very visible hair lines . i am quite disapointed with the product , because it runs on two aaa batteries , the motor is nearly powerful enought and will lock up sometimes when cutting hair in different angles . this lock up rips the hair out of your skin and sometimes even cuts you . i would certainly not recommend this product , but might be necessary if you 'll be traveling and need a small portable trimmer that will get more results than just letting your hair grow wild . 
software pos 439.txt our photo and video editing softwares were both very basic and " old " , so we decided to upgrade a couple of months ago . after reading many reviews on different bundles , we decided to get the adobe photoshop elements 5.0 premiere elements 3.0 bundle . we 've played around with the premiere elements a bit , and it 's really awesome . much better than the pinnacle studio 8 we had before . all the basic functions are easy to use and very intuitive , though we have n't gone and figured out the more advanced features yet . the photoshop elements is a wonderful tool , as well . we recently had to scan in a lot of old pictures ( as in 20+ year old b / w photographs ) . they needed a lot of touching up , and elements 5.0 worked wonderfully for that . i could adjust the lighting and sharpening , fix the colors and scratches , and the pictures turned out amazing . you 'd never be able to tell they were scanned images from such old photographs . the program is also very intuitive . i could do all the things i wanted to do without having to read the manual . of course , i 'm still just touching on the surface of what all is possible , and i plan on reading the manual and studying the program in more detail once i have the time to do so , but for what i need right now , it 's easy to use and does a good job . there are only two things i have to comment on that i do n't like about the adobe bundle , and they are the reason why i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. 1. the stated minimum requirements for this bundle are 512mb ram . that 's what we had on our computer , and while the program worked , it was so painfully slow that it was n't feasible to really use it . we ended up upgrading to 1gb , and it 's been working great since . so if you have less than 1gb ram , make sure you upgrade before getting this software ! 2. the red-eye fix in photoshop elements , or lack thereof . there is an auto red-eye fix , but it does n't work very well . it finds red eyes in all kinds of places , just not where they actually are . sometimes it covers half the face , sometimes only half of the eye , etc. etc. etc. there is an option to manually show the program where the red eye is , but it still does n't work right . maybe there 's another trick i have n't found out about yet , but as of right now , i usually give the fix tool a shot , and if it does n't work i take the picture back into my old editing software and fix the red eye there . i 'm really very disappointed with this , as fixing red eyes is something you have to do quite frequently when editing pictures . overall , the software has been very easy and fun to work with , even for an amateur like me . :o ) if adobe can adjust the minimum requirements recommendation and fix the red-eye fix tool , it 's going to definitely deserve 5 points 
dvd neg 719.txt this amicus horror anthology film has got to be the weakest in the series , the storylines were terrible and very dull and most of the time it looked like it was very outdated not to mention that the last episode about a washed up actor who turns into a vampire was not funny . usually these amicus films are fun to watch and not scary but good however this film just dragged along , the episode with christopher lee in it was the best one and the only one that was worth watching and ingrid pitt as a sexy vampire thats it , what a waste 
camera neg 499.txt i paid 99.00 for this little camcorder , thought it would be ideal for my action sports heros in the house , but we could n't get the videos to transfer to the pc . the menu button would not bring anything up , so overall we just could n't get this thing to work . a bummer of a christmas present 
dvd pos 806.txt this video is great for the beginners and the advanced beginners . i started taking a vinyasa class and was unable to coordinate my schedule with class times so i looked for a video to supplement my practice at home . what a great choice . baron baptiste takes his time to explain the poses and provides the mood that is needed to practice yoga at home . i highly recommend this dvd 
music pos 593.txt " debut " is used to describe someone 's first release . not their third . a classic , 5 stars...pmg in an exciting , formative mode 
camera pos 975.txt this is my first camcorder , so i do n't have much to compare it to , but i 've enjoyed it so far . it 's easy to use . the picture quality seems high . the only minor problem i 've found is with the headphone input . had to try three different sets of headphones before i could find one that would fit into the narrow slot where the headphone jack is 
dvd pos 883.txt sure , the pacing is slow compared to today 's hyper / cyber entertainments , but antonioni 's visuals are still incomparable . scene after scene resembles nothing so much as a matisse canvas , and the final shot is a stunner . lovely , achingly felt picture 
books pos 918.txt this is a very thorough , very exhaustive look at the life of the sixth president of the united states , and while it may not be as easily readable as , say , david mccullough 's & quot ; truman&quot ; , it is certainly less dry and slow-going than most scholarly works . if you 're looking for a full-life biography of monroe , one that truly informs you on the subject and does not simply dramatize the story of a historical figure 's life , this is an excellent choice . if you 're looking for light reading with a historical basis , this is definitely not what you 're looking for 
dvd neg 874.txt i have always had a morbid fascination with that segment of the population that believes that the bible is the only book one has to read , and that great literature consists entirely of the left behind series . i bought this movie to get a sense of this group . banal is the kindest word i can find for this tripe . third rate actors , low-rent science fiction backdrops , and completely out of touch with reality . the movie opens with the israeli agricultural " miracle . " what it does not tell the audience is that israel would be a dead state if it were not for the 20% of the israeli government 's budget funded by us taxpayers through the us government 's very unwise investment in this apartheid regime ( see jimmy carter 's new book ) and if it were not for the blatant israeli underground pipes that are literally looting the arab aquifers at long range and from way beneath the earth . israeli agriculture is not a miracle , it is a travesty- -it consumes 50% of all the water used in israel , and produces less than 5% of the gross domestic product . the movie goes downhill from there . just to place it in a proper religous movie context , if the " ten commandments " was a perfect 10 , this movie is no more than a 1 and certainly not even close to a 2 
health neg 415.txt i 've had this for about a month , and i 've used it less than 6 times . even though i 've carefully handwashed it , and merely wiped off the ice ring , the ice ring has sprung a leak ( ewww , blue liquid on my celery ! ! ) . the lid is difficult to snap on / remove . the center container / lid is really too tall for its diameter , which makes using it for dipping rather awkward 
books pos 16.txt beautiful , stunning absolutely gorgeous . a quick note to fellow brits , this was ordered on october 22nd and arrived on november 1st and is much cheaper here than on amazon.co.uk or anywhere else in the uk ! ! i 've ordered stuff domestically that has taken longer in the post ! ! 
software pos 892.txt i 've been using system mechanic 6 professional , for about a month . i 'd have to say that the overall performance of windows xp has improved greatly since installation . upon starting system mechanic , a general report is given on the overall health of windows . it fixes problems in the registry , defragments the hard-drives / ram , and boosts internet performance . all of this is done is done in a short period of time ( under an hour ) . i 've also read all the negative reviews on amazon . i 'm not going to dispute any of them , since each user has his / her own experiences using the product . all i can say , is that i 'm glad that the software worked for me . 
books neg 909.txt same old gw bunch of ridiculous opinions . i thought this one might be better , but no.. . now even pine is n't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine 
books neg 684.txt first off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple . i mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as mr. miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so " textbooky " and insincere . the book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music ( which half the music books in borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless , which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short ) up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory . book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics , never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when i asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along . the problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field . i recommend the only book that i have found that made some sense to me called fractals in music by charles madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures . 
camera pos 618.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
music neg 928.txt i wanted to give this cd as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie . i listened to it first to make sure the quality was good . i was so surprised when all i heard was music and no words . although the music is nice , i know she would not be too impressed . we had seen the movie together and we loved mr. ray 's song and wanted to know the words . it 's too bad that i 'll have to return or sell it 
dvd pos 43.txt i actually did n't mind kiss the girls because of morgan freeman . he saved the day in that movie . plus , i 'm always intrigued by serial killers and weird psychos . that always peaks my interest . but ashley judd 's performance was just terrible in that ( not that i think she 's very good in anything i 've seen but whatever ) . that 's why i was delighted to find another thriller along those lines with morgan freeman , still playing alex cross , but thankfully without ashely judd ( a better name for her would be ashely dudd but that 's my opinion ) . along came a spider was not only an interesting storyline , it was also very well acted . there 's some twists of course which i wo n't spoil , but one i did see coming and the other blindsided me . all in all very enjoyable , especially for the low price i found this at . the little girl who is kidnapped in this , played by mika boorem , is terrific . it was kind of neat seeing her in this as i had just watched the movie sleepover recently ( also reviewed it...cute little movie...check it out ) where she 's more grown up . hopefully we 'll be seeing more things with her . anyway , i found this engrossing enough and most times you ca n't go wrong with morgan freeman ( except if ashely judd is in a scene with him , but that 's not his fault ) as he 's an exceptional actor . obsessed with serial killers , psychos and the like , just as i am ? then you will have a good time getting tangled up in the web of along came a spider 
health pos 786.txt i bought this straightner at walmart for about the same price found on amazon and i really like it . i bought it mostly to curl my hair like my stylist does . i wanted a chi , but i could n't pass this one up for the price . i ' ve only used it a couple of times but it straightens well and can be used to curl my hair as well . a good product for the price ! ! 
books pos 708.txt this book has a lot of information about how protecting wild areas works in wa and and an overview of the protections offered by the united states government . it then provides the inspiration to get people started through true stories of grassroots projects . while the book does n't list 1 , 2 , 3 , what needs to be done to start a grassroots movement , that should n't be expected , because all people have different motivations , and this book should be used as a tool to help you understand the basics of how these sorts of movements work . a must for anyone who wants to further understand washington state for all of its great wild places , or anyone for that matter , that is looking for inspiration on why wild areas should be protected . plus all of the proceeds go to a great cause 
books pos 583.txt i decided to read this on a flight to indiana from ny . i managed to complete the book on the return . it is a quick read , not a self help book , more about merton and nouwen finding their true self as well as the author 's road to becoming a jesuit . i think we all want to find our true self , but not all can and some never attempt to . martin stresses the importance of finding our true self in order to achieve happiness that comes from within 
music neg 883.txt this album had two good songs at the most . ralph was good with new edition . it 's apparently obvious that he ca n't stand alone . bobby should have been the lead for new edition . then we may never have seen this terrible album . ralph is n't that good of a singer . this shows that just because your the lead singer in a group does n't mean you are the best . ralph is miles behind bobby 
software pos 667.txt i 'm new to web design . i 've tried other products , including frontpage , and found them too cumbersome to use and the results were not what i wanted . dreamweaver is the best . easy to use , with more tools to make your web pages look great , even for a beginner . and there is a lot of support and tutorials on the web to help you out 
camera neg 939.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
books neg 88.txt i have read 208 pages and i am bored with this book . i do n't think i can finish it 
music pos 1.txt this is a wonderful album , that evokes memories of the 60 's folk boom , yet contains original songs . i was amazed at the fantastic harmonies and musical arrangements . anyone who loves the movie " a mighty wind " and who loves folk music will fall in love with this album . i know i did 
health neg 794.txt one i started using the shaver it fell apart . it has plastic tabs to hold it together and they just do n't work . the shaver is a waste of money 
music neg 645.txt this is what you want ( 1983 ) was a terrible album from john lydon and martin atkins . after an rift between keith levene and john lydon occured during the recording of the demo tracks , atkins and lydon ran keith off and he quit the band . instead of keeping him on the finished tracks , atkins and lydon removed levene and pete jones ( the band 's studio bassist ) from the audio tracks and re-recorded them with members from their holiday inn band ( lydon hired members from a covers band who performed at a new jersey holiday inn ) . the new tracks and horrible . all of the guitar riffs and rhythm section that were originally recorded for the future album were erased . noise and other unwelcomed sounds were added to the tracks . the original tracks were far superior ( even in their basic state ) to what was released . to hear them you 'll have to find the commercial zone lp . the failure of this disc and the bickering between atkins and lydon would cause the band to become a solo project for the former anarchy king . not recommended 
books pos 731.txt i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit 
health neg 69.txt why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water ? ! how many calories does water have to begin with ? ! it would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial ( ? a cheeseburger ? ) . please do not buy this . fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to... . no calories ! give the money that you would have spend to charity . the makers of this water are thieves and con artists 
music pos 234.txt trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player 
music pos 749.txt sweet brazillian jazz piano combined with guaraldi 's 1960 's hit & quot ; cast your fate to the wind . &quot ; throw in a coupla classics like & quot ; since i fell for you&quot ; and & quot ; moon river&quot ; masterfully interpreted by vince and you have the perfect album for unwinding , loving , or waking up 
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase . 
camera neg 681.txt i purchased this camera for a friend to use in hawaii . we had nothing but problems getting it to wind properly and the pictures both on land and underwater were all blurred and my friend was very unhappy and i was frustrated . i do not know if this is just a bad camera or what 
books pos 429.txt i read everything and anything king , he is my favorite author . this short story is interesting but predictible 
dvd pos 290.txt an absolute must have for all parents , families and professionals ! as a speech & amp ; language pathologist , i have worked with special needs children for 17 years , and finally i have viewed a high quality product for children diagnosed with down syndrome . informative , comprehensive and heart warming are just a few words to describe this excellent dvd . i would highly recommend it for not only families , but for all professionals working with this population . in fact , i believe it should be part of the training and curriculum for all disciplines intending to serve these wonderful children . thanks for a great product 
software pos 392.txt seem 's to work very well cost was acceptable not a resource ho 
music neg 319.txt this album was one of my biggest " mistakes " ( bought it 3 years ago ) . it 's childish songwriting and really not good enough for an alternative-rock-band . better you buy instead : up the bracket ( the libertines ) or some strokes-stuff. . 
health pos 350.txt great compact design . takes up very little room in your suitcase . rollers heat up & are ready to use in about 2-3 minutes like the product claims . sets hair better then most rollers ( and i have tried many ) . the only thing that i would change , is to add 2-4 more rollers . but i liked these rollers so much , i actually bought a 2nd set & use these at home over the 5 other sets of rollers i own ! 
books pos 747.txt for over three years i 've been studying buddhism and zen . during that time i 've ordered many books within the different buddhist schools . there are many fine authors out there that explain the tenets and fine workings of buddhism as well as zen . i believe a solid background in buddhism background is essential in understanding buddha 's message to mankind . however , the true " nuts and bolts " of buddhism practice can be found most directly in zen . it is one thing to know something about a religion or way of life yet it is another to be able to apply it . ezra bayda has most succinctly given the best instruction of how to apply zen to one 's life where we need it the most ; during those moments when we are gripped with our core pain . core pain is comprised of our anger , traumas , sadness , feelings of inferiority , etc. it is this core pain that can make our life a living hell . ezra examines these emotions and teaches us how we can mindfully learn to transform them in a way that truly works . instead of denying them or trying to escape them we learn that they are part of our path in life . and while it takes courage to be present with these emotions we learn that they are but old programs and often ancient belief systems that take us away from the genuine life we all deserve . at least one reader has referred to this as being like a self-help book . yet anytime we look for truth whether it be in religion or psychology , are n't we looking for something to help us . ezra offers us the tools to achieve transformation in our life . when i ordered this book i had hoped it would teach me how to truly apply zen teachings to my life . what i did n't realize is that the information this book contains would exceed anything i have read in any religious book , psychology book , or college text . another reviewer said " where 's the zen " in reference to the contents of this book . " the zen " is there on every page . while ezra does n't use the esoteric style of writing common in zen / buddhist teaching , his simple clearcut way of communication exemplifies the simpleness that zen is truly about . ezra 's other two books " at home in the muddy water " and " saying yes to life " are excellent as well and deepen your understanding of living mindfully and in the moment . a helpful hint , read his three books in chronological order with this book first . personally , i think that reading them in order adds to a person 's understanding and that each book acts like a foundation for the next . ezra bayda i have not had the honor of meeting you personally yet i thank you most sincerely for the gift of your writings . i bow to you for you are a master ! there are many of us i 'm sure that are looking forward to your future works . two other excellent zen books that teach mindful living and dealing with difficult emotions are " beginning mindfulness : learning the way of awareness " by andrew weiss and " at hell 's gate : a soldier 's journey " by claude anshin thomas . also , the writing 's of thich nhat hanh , a great man who highly influenced both of these authors , teaches the art of mindful living in a very understandable manner . good luck to you on the path . 
music neg 320.txt with 2 cds of endless repeated chords , they do n't have much to say 
dvd neg 969.txt remember seagal 's movie " patriot " where he saves the day with flower petals dropped from a plane . that was bad . this one was by far the worst movie he has ever made . with the dubbed in voice ( why ? ) to the disjointed plot it should never have been released 
camera pos 466.txt i bought my k10d in dec 06 after owning a number of pentax cameras over the years and being very pleased with the engineering . the combination of features , if executed properly , make this camera the best buy in 10mp dslrs right now . i postponed my review because i wanted to get some real field experience . i just went to mexico , and panicked because i left the camera instruction manual behind . i can now report on that trip . i did a little fumbling at first , mainly because i did n't have the manual , but i was soon able to find the combinations i wanted , and the camera performed both flexibly and intuitively . the af button and the exposure compensation button are very well placed . i found myself in difficult lighting situations often , and both af and exposure metering worked quite well . i also took some hand-held shots that i normally would use a tripod with ( such as at 450mm ) , and very few came out fuzzy because of camera movement . in a few cases , i used bracketing , and was easily able to obtain a good balance of details in one or more of the bracketed shots . exposure metering worked so well that i stopped bracketing . i particularly liked the display modes : i could boost the brightness to see the display even in bright daylight , and deep zooming gave me a good check of whether a shot was " soft " or not right at the scene . the rechargeable li ion batteries , although not readily available in stores , seem to last forever ( even using power zoom , and full-bright display , and some fill flash ) . i believe that i could have shot all week ( 700 shots in raw ( dng ) + jpeg ) with the battery grip attached . in summary , this camera was a pleasure to hold , very easy to use and manipulate , and resulted in a high percentage of crisp photos ( even if the percentage of well-composed shots was lower because of the photographer ) . i bought it because of its compatibility with pentax lenses , 10mp sensor , shake-reduction technology , larger display , and especially the dust and water seals . but what makes me quite happy about it is its overall ease of use and good results . i am still discovering its features , but i already know that this camera frees me to be creative in ways that other cameras have not in the past . some of the features on this camera are unique ( new program lines ) and some are available only on cameras costing several hundred dollars more , making the k10d a good choice and a best buy . once again for pentax , the engineering is supurb . 
books pos 713.txt on page 116 , formula 6.1 , the price formula for a bond is actually for a semiannual coupon bond , not as stated on the book , for annual coupon bond . as a consequence , the dv01 , duration and convexity formula it states are for semiannual coupon bonds as well . i think both tuckman and fabozzi 's books have their own pros and cons . tuckman 's book touchs more on the trading , which is interesting . although it could be less rigorous in terms of treating the formulas . i own both books . 
music neg 515.txt there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory . 
dvd pos 975.txt much of the plot has been outlined above , as well as the cast and i am , in large part , in complete agreement with the positive reveiws recorded . i want to add that , for anyone raised on the old universal horror pictures , or the films directed by james whale or val lewton , where the suspense is the important part of the film ; this picture , shadows and fog , has this quality absolutely dripping from every frame ! despite the comedic elements ( and there are many funny things happening ) the tension rises perceptibly throughout the narrative . the climax is dissapointing for many , but if you follow the subtext of this extremely philosophical script it is nearly a perfect resolution in all ways . i have had philosophy students who were struggling with concepts of 19th and 20th century writers watch this movie and instantly gain insight into the point of the often times obtuse & oblique writings of hegel , kant and the like . i beleive that the unpopularity of the this film is based on people thinking that they were about to see bananas or sleeper . love him or hate him , you have to admit , woody allen is deep . a personal favorite film of mine , but definetly not everybodies cup of philosophicallly comedic tea 
software neg 595.txt i have been using paperport since it came from my visioneer scanner for about 9 / 10 years and since then upgraded a few versions . after reading hyped-up product features of version 11 from nuance website , i cannot justify upgrading my paperport software to pro given its current cost . i am pretty sure that a lot more people ( especially loyal users like me ) would snap it up if it was little cheaper . i will probably wait for some time for price to go down... . it will also need time to stabilize ( no patches yet ! ! ! ) and become compatible with vista . for those of you who got lotsa money ( please send me some ) , i would recommend paperport as a decent doc managment s / w 
software pos 46.txt i have been running windows xp sp2 and would " never " want to go back to windows me or windows 98. with the xp , i rarely need to re-boot my system , and my pc no longer freezes up . there is a built-in windows firewall plus a pop-up blocker which are both awesome . the system is much safer , and i have never had a virus , worm , or trojan horse while running the windows xp home with a good internet security / virus program . one thing : make sure you have at least 256 mb of space available in your pc before starting to download , as this does require at least that . get it ! you wo n't be disappointed 
software pos 54.txt i have been using v.7 from the last week or so and i am very pleased with it . it loads very fast ( unlike all other adobe versions ) , the conversion to pdf from doc or ppt files also is much quicker . i have not encountered any problems yet , but its only been 7 days since i am using it. . definitely worth the upgrade 
music pos 152.txt this is a great classic rock cd including some timeless songs . if you like " summer breeze " as much as i do and have not heard the remix of it yet , you are in for a pleasent suprise . a remix album came out in november of 2004 called " what is hip " and in my opinion is the best remix album of 70 's music that i 've ever heard . their version of " summer breeze " is near perfect . a modernized , but not over the top version that manages to preserve the true melody of the song with out removing the original rhythm . the entire album is great too . i have this " greatest hits " and the " what is hip " cd and simply ca n't get enough . here 's a link to the cd . enjoy . http : / / www.amazon.com - - what is hip 
camera pos 508.txt if you are expecting clear professional sound transmission , this is not it . that 's a wireless system costing $1 , 000 - $3 , 000. this system is strictly for home none professional use . i think people were expecting this system to deliver the hi fidelity sound they hear on movies or tv soundtrack . professionals do not use this system . that is the reason for the low price . home movies only . 
music pos 467.txt i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , & quot ; are competent but do nothing overtly interesting&quot ; . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation 
software pos 933.txt my husband is using the rosetta stone spanish program and loves it 
camera neg 863.txt i had high hopes for this battery for my nikon camera . it promised more mah than the oem battery that came with the camera . unfortunately , it must be leaking electrons all over the place , since a charge in this model does not compare to the original . i would guess that the charge lasts half the life of the original nikon battery . the price was cheap and you get what you pay for . if you are going to purchase this one , get two since you 'll need to keep one charging while using the other . cheers 
software neg 637.txt this is by far the most basic editing / creative package that i have ever used . i have been using every version of print shop since some of their early versions . i have print shop 22 and was haveing issues with printing in ms vista . i figured that i would be able to purchase one of broderbund 's similar products ( one made for vista ) and it would be similar in style and usage . wrong . i was not able to import other print shop projects , printing is limited , no drag and drop feature from other programs , limited editing , formating of text is off when copying from one document to another , sizing pictures and text boxes while editing projects is limited to dragging corners only , and on-and-on . i tried to use broderbund 's tech support page , but it is very limited to their faq section . try asking a question or emailing for help ; good luck . i will fumble with this product for awhile ( only because i can print more than one page at a time , because ps 22 in vista only allows for this ) and wait until the next compatible version of ps comes out for windows vista . i would have thought there would of at least been a patch by now . i think they may have made zoom the way it is now to allow for newer , better versions . i hope this helps.. . 
books neg 31.txt the characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional , the dialog hackneyed . i have no idea why it 's on the new york times bestseller list . it was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else . do n't waste your money 
camera neg 678.txt be warned , if you have a computer with a slot dvd drive , you simply cannot transfer your video files to your computer for editing , sharing , whatever . ca n't be done without a series of possibly mythical workarounds and loss of quality with each step . i was even willing to consider buying an external dvd drive with a firewire connection and a loading tray that supported the 8 cm disks , but could n't find one . i searched all over , asked in several places on the apple web boards , talked to the ' geniuses ' at the apple store - this camera is simply not usable with a macintosh that has a slot drive . talk about crazy ! 
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection ) 
camera neg 214.txt boy , this is way too much to pay for a hood on this lens . it 's a great a lens , but this is hardly worth the price 
software neg 298.txt after years of e-filing fees being included with the purchase price , it would have been more forthcoming for turbotax to put a large sticker on the front of their box alerting buyers to the price that they will pay for e-filing each return . i lost the value of my entire state return - and then some - through e-filing fees : $44.95 ( plus tax ) for the program , $16.95 ( plus tax ) for each return e-filed ( i filed two ) and a little bonus fee to the company that handles the [credit card] transaction ( that fee is never quoted in the program and i will have to wait for my credit card statement to find out what that is ) . in addition , anyone who chooses to have the fees deducted from his / her refund has to pay an additional $30. the product does what it says . but , for the cost , and less-than-honest way in which the change occured ( it almost seemed deceitful - hence the single star rating ) , i would have preferred to have given my money to my friendly neighborhood accountant . people expect change , even if they do n't like it . but , suprises that cost customers money are never welcome and drive customers away . surely the marketing / advertising gurus can think of a way to alert the customer of a significant change such as this and even put a " positive " spin on it . " filing fees only $16.95 [per return] - less than the cost of a tax professional . . . " no more turbotax for me 
music neg 239.txt sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material . 
music pos 73.txt cool cd...have n't heard it in probably 15 to 20 years...it was fun to hear it again....funny though , it 's a bit different than the way i remember it 
dvd neg 280.txt undoubtedly the worst ' best of ' dvd ever made , even if someone gives this dvd as a gift you should punch that person in the face...after watching this dvd i felt like burning down the company that made this dvd . if you want to play a practical joke on someone then might as well give this dvd to him as a gift . there might be emotional reasons why there were some positive reviews of this horror , but it ca n't be for the actual dvd . there are n't words to describe how bad it looks and sounds . shame on the band for putting this out . obviously all them cares about is getting the money and run with a ' best of ' on dvd . this item should be removed from the shelves for poor quality in picture . my taped videos on vhs from mtv and vh1 sound and look better than these ones , really . this essay in amatuerism may have some interest . for worse , is unforgivable is not including the whole video stuff from 90 's to 2000. ' love is blindness ' , ' walk on ' , ' elevation ' and several alternative videos were edited out . did n't they have another filmed version of ' gone ' ? . mexico city 1997 was just a below average performance . shame on u2 for keep going with ' gone ' from that bad shaped bono 's rough night . i still dont understand why we must to keep watching the same footage for a particular song . im talking about ' until the end of the world' . in case you dont know , theres an actual video clip from that song . rather , they just put the well known sidney 1993 version here . rumors say they 're going to release a dvd boxset by late this year . i really do n't want ' remastered ' versions of shows we 've been watching for even 22 years . rather , i 'm fond of watching previously unreleased footage . just in case , here 's a list of several unreleased pro-shot filmed concerts from early 80 's to pop mart tour ( i did n't include elevation because there 're 2 dvd 's out there from the same tour ) . cheers 1 - belfast 23-01-1981 ( awesome concert ! ) 2 - berlin 04-11-1981 ( great goncert ) 3 - new york 22-11-1981 ( good concert ) 4 - hattem 14-05-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 5 - roskilde 02-07-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 6 - devore 03-05-1983 ( great concert ) 7 - st. goarshausen 20-08-1983 ( awesome concert ! ) 8 - dortmund 21-11-1984 ( awesome concert ! ) 9 - montreal 27-03-1985 ( great concert ) 10-los angeles 18-11-1987 ( awesome concert ! ) 11-dublin 31-12-1989 ( awesome concert ! ) 12-stockholm 11-06-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 13-washington 16-08-1992 ( great concert ) 14-anaheim 14-11-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 15-dublin 28-08-1993 ( awesome concert ! ) 16-adelaide 16-11-1993 ( great concert ) 17-rotterdam 18-07-1997 ( awesome concert ! ) 18-sao baulo 31-01-1998 ( great concert ) 19-santiago 11-02-1998 ( awesome concert ! ) what the hell are u2 waiting for ? 
camera neg 435.txt i bought this camcorder 3 months ago and , after using it a grand total of 6 times , it is broken . it constantly loses track of timestamp on the tape doing things like rewinding 2 minutes ( two minutes on the counter in the display ) , refusing to rewind anymore and telling me the tape is full . it 's a 60 minute tape and it can only record 2 minutes ? ? ? i figured that was a problem with the tape so i tried another one , which seemed to work fine until i got home and tried to watch the footage . the camera counter once again became confused and the whole camera just locked up . i had to power off and on several times before finally getting the camera to rewind the tape to where i needed it to be . lastly , the mechanism for ejecting the tape broke after only one month . one last note , the support for panasonic is horrible too . you ca n't talk to a " real " person and instead have to go through an annoying robotic voice recognization " person " . i 'll never buy another panasonic product again...give me sony 
health pos 150.txt i love this product . its the first one i 've found where i can practically have wash and go curly hair . just put work it through damp hair and let it air dry or twist around fingers for defined curls 
camera neg 973.txt i made the mistake of selecting the bundle without reading the requirements closely . the lens is for a variety of canon cameras but the adapter only works with the a6xx series . my adapter arrived and it does n't work with my camera . kinda misleading and now i have to spend more to buy the correct adapter separately . bummer . also , captain jack is correct about the vignetting . this lens is sort of like a magnifying class that sits in front of the built-in zoom lens . if you zoom wide angle , you see the horrible vignetting he mentioned . if you stay zoomed in , it works ok . disappointing 
books neg 223.txt this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the " intelligent conversation " which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered " well read . " despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from " to kill a mockingbird . " 
camera pos 291.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
dvd pos 73.txt if your a pacino fan this is for you one of his earlier films this deals with a lawyer not a crooked lawyer but a good mostly honest lawyer and all the things that a lawyer has goon through or could go through this is a instant classic and the story to the movie is excellent highly recomende 
software pos 234.txt homesite is widely recognized as " the " premier tool for coding html , client side , and server side code by hand . adding it to your resume wo n't land you a job , but it will certainly boost your chances of getting an interview because it indicates that you are not a cheap , wysiwyg junkie . one of the things i like best about homesite 5 is the adaptability it allows when coding in asp.net . i was able to find a plug-in , which when added to homesite , recognized the .net tags and colors them accordingly . there are similar plug-ins for just about every language out there . if you are unfamiliar with homesite , are considering a purchase , but are not sure it 's the right tool for you , here 's a very brief description on how it works : this is not a drag-and-drop design tool that created the code for you . it is , in essence , a text editor on steroids . as you code by hand it will color the code for you , tell you when you 've made errors , offer you a ton of help on knowing what tags mean , has a built in ftp client , helps you organize your work into projects , and a bunch of other functions i 've never used . here 's the main thing you need to know : if you 're a homesite pro , then you are also a real developer . to everyone who has whined about lack of support : what do you expect for less then $100 ? if you purchase a flagship product from macromedia such as dreamweaver , studio mx , or fireworks , you 'll get all the support you 'll need . also , i 've been able to find plenty of free support from news groups and email lists that focus on web development . for every problem or question i 've found someone who knows the solution . you can too ! ! ! just a note : amazon is behind the times . from the macromedia website you can now purchase two versions ahead of what amazon is offering . well worth the $99.00 
books neg 418.txt i have read baldacci 's first four novels and have immensely enjoyed all of them . this one , however , is just awful . not only the character 's dialogue but even the story itself is written like a really bad detective movie . the only thing i can think of to compare it to is this : there was a series of calvin and hobbes cartoons where calvin imagines himself as a private detective and they are written like the old detective shows , with lame lines like " the gun was loaded , and so was i " . that is exactly what this book is like , except it goes on for 400 pages . there is n't a single interesting character in this book , in my opinion . you just have to slog your way through the book to get to the end . it 's the bataan death march of novels . i hope this is an aberration - i 'll certainly give him another try since the first four novels that i read were so good . but one more stinker like this one and i 'll drop his name from my reading list 
software pos 575.txt coreldraw was my first foray into vector graphics back when version 3 showed up on my desk at the small " mom and pop " screenprinting shop i worked at . back then , corel came with oodles of free fonts , clipart , manuals ... not to mention free technical support via a toll-free number . i stayed with corel exclusively until version 10 ... enduring countless patches , bugs and the dreaded " odd-numbered " curse ( if you tried version 5 or 7 , you feel my pain ) . adobe photoshop was always my photo-editing program of choice ... corelphotopaint just never quite " did it " for me . industry demands eventually delegated that i delve into adobe illustrator . being already familiar with adobe photoshop 's features , tools and " look and feel " , illustrator did n't present a huge , overbearing learning curve . in illustrator , i found the same robust features as coreldraw ... which was n't what impressed me about illustrator . adobe 's intuitive programs , and their ability to interact with one another ... seamlessly ... that is what won me over to illustrator . illustrator 's ability to edit / create pdf 's in their native format ? wow ! exporting layered vector files to photoshop ... with layers intact ? ? ? wow ! ! ! ( i could go on ) now , that being said ... there are still things that i prefer in coreldraw compared to illustrator . the extrude function in corel is much easier to utilize . the powerclip function is more user friendly than illustrator 's " make clipping mask " function . the ability to customize / edit / add shortcut keys is an amazing feature . ( again ... i could go on ) in regards to importing and exporting files from other applications , coreldraw wins , hands down . it boasts a robust set of import and export filters , my favorite being the .eps import filter which lets you import an .eps while converting the fonts to curves during the import . this is a must have if you work with an .eps file created on another computer whose fonts you lack . if i had a dollar for every .eps that pulls into illustrator with fonts blown out ... i 'd be independently wealthy . why illustrator has never implemented this is beyond me . so , to sum it up ... coreldraw is a great program ... but i ca n't imagine it being my only vector drawing program . just like in real life , you need a great team . this program , paired with adobe creative suite , meets my needs perfectly 
software neg 691.txt i was so excited to get this ! the terrain on our lot has quite a slant to it because we 're on a hill . my husband and i thought this would easily help us create a materials list for our retaining walls that we wanted to put out front . long story short.. . i spent hours ( at least 40 ) getting the dimensions of our house correct and trying to get the yard right . we even rented a surveying instrument to determine the slope of our yard to input elevation points . many hours wasted.. . the software does not let you set the height of the retaining walls and it inputs random walls and pieces of wall in the 3-d view that you ca n't get rid of . the flowers are hard to place , they do n't end up where you want them . besides , the " plant chooser " does n't have hardly any perrenial plants to choose from . bottom line : i spent $50 in software costs and $50 for a surveying instrument and ended up having to calculate the wall length and height manually . if you have a flat lot , this might work well for you . for anyone that has hills , or slopes to their yard , good luck ! 
dvd neg 593.txt i was also disappointed with this dvd , as is seemed to be a popular choice among amazon shoppers . i think the title , " yoga for beginners " is misleading , as this dvd contains many advanced yoga routines . also , on the back of the dvd it said it contained a " core workout 20 min . " but no such workout is actually on the dvd ! i purchase the " pilates for inflexible people " at the same time as this dvd , and i much prefer it . although , i wish i 'd known that two of the workouts from the pilates dvd were on the yoga dvd before i bought them both . 
music pos 414.txt marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions 
health neg 356.txt i bought one and it worked great . at first it 's hard to manuever because it 's really hot , and the barrel 's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot , but once you get used to it , it does a stellar job of straightening your hair . around 6 months into using the straightner , the machine slowly overheated and died . thinking i had a faulty model , i went out and bought a new one . guess what ? a few months into that one , it ended the same way . so basically , not worth it . 
software pos 729.txt i have used this product for the last three years and i am very satisfied with it and recommend it highly 
software neg 269.txt on the front of the box it says it can be used for professional photo editing and has 20 , 000 professionally designed projects , when i received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos cannot be used for products for re-sale , i purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now i find out it is totally worthless to me . i went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! i am going to turn them into the ftc for false advertisement 
health pos 315.txt heats up quickly . tends to dry out more than previous chi flat iron i had . much more economical 
software pos 915.txt my 5 and 6-year olds did n't seem to want to play , maybe too hard . i enjoyed playing and my 11-year old twins really liked it 
software pos 97.txt as one who is not an accountant , i found quickbooks premier non-profit edition 2006 to be very easy to learn . read the books that come with the software before you dive in 
books neg 451.txt this is definitely not one of my favorite books about stocks . the title of the book is a little deceiving , the author talks a lot about option instead of stocks and half the book is about stock splits . chapters 1-4 are about general info , such as you must buy and sell to make money , do n't hold for a long time . you must research the stock before purchase , eps must increase every year . i did n't find anything in those chapters that i did n't already know . chapters 5-10 is all about stock splits and when to purchase the stock as well as when to sell . once again , the author talks about the obvious ; buy when you hear that stock is splitting and sell after the split before the after split dip . chapter 11 gets into more advanced trading techniques , the bull put spread . this is not something that i use or will use in my trading . chapter 12 is the concluding chapter 
camera pos 781.txt the lenes work on the factory lens only with no feature to add additional lens . it works as advertized , i would have like to add the wide / tell lens to the filter for better out door videoing 
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic 
dvd pos 194.txt i loved this dvd set ! grew up watching it..and remember running home after school to catch each days episodes . watching this set transported me back to another time , when things were peaceful and less frazzeled ! stayed up till 2 am watching it all and felt like that little kid from school again ! like many young girls back then i was ' in love ' with tim considine ! so nice to see he and david back talking about it ! i hope disney co. will put out the next 2 series of this great show on dvd soon 
dvd pos 644.txt i had two choices watching this movie...smile or laugh out loud . when i was n't smiling i was laughing . keaton 's the general is a perfect introduction for those who may shy away from silent movies or who may think silent comics are too exaggerated and mannered . the story line is simple , but what keaton does with it is genius . johnny gray ( buster keaton ) is an engineer for the western and atlantic railroad . he has two loves , his engine , the general , and annabelle lee ( marion mack ) , a fine southern belle . when war starts , johnny rushes to enlist but is rejected . he 's more valuable to the south as a train engineer than he would be as a soldier . trouble is , nobody tells him why he was rejected . worse , annabelle thinks he may be a coward , and tells him she does n't want to see him again until he is in uniform . just then northern spies secretly enter the town to steal the general and take it north , destroying bridges and lines along the way , while a northern army moves south . unknowingly , annabelle lee finds herself on the train and is kidnapped . johnny sees the general chugging away and races after it , determined to bring back the general . when he realizes annabelle lee is held captive , his resolve knows to bounds . for the rest of the movie we are on one of the cleverest , fastest , funniest chase movies ever filmed . keaton creates slapstick situations and sight gags that not only are funny , but that always are in character and which always are part of the specific plot point . and when he rescues annabelle and realizes how hopeless her southern belle helplessness can be , his exasperation is matched only by his love . the general features a big cast , a major battle , fleeing armies , a failing dam and a spectacular moment when an engine tries to cross a burning bridge and everything collapses into a river gorge . keaton 's timing and inventiveness are legendary ; so is his risk-taking . he does all his own stunts and some of them were dangerous . in one , he is lying back on the engine 's cow catcher while the train is moving at some speed forward . in the distance is a railroad tie across the tracks . keaton has another railroad tie in his hands . at the last moment he tosses his tie so that the end hits the end of the other tie and they both bounce off the track just as keaton on the cow catcher passes . this scene has no cutting . the two ties fly off as high as keaton 's head . he could have been killed ; instead we laugh . it 's amazing that in his older years keaton could still walk . his body took incredible punishment for the laughs . try falling hard backwards off a moving flatcar and landing on your back across railroad ties . his ingenuity is extraordinary . how do you build excitement out of an extended train chase ? both engines are behemoths and are on the same track . they ca n't pass each other . keaton does it with endless bits of business . in fact , he does manage to reverse the chase at one point in an immensely clever moment combining logic and split-second timing . what makes keaton so funny and so contemporary is that he does n't do double-takes . he barely reacts . but he 's no stone-face . keaton 's characters are simply very serious fellows . things happen to them . his characters do n't react to events so much as they overcome them with honesty and good intentions . this edition of the general comes from kino video and looks good . it includes two keaton short films , the playhouse ( 1921 ) and cops ( 1922 ) . in the playhouse , keaton portrays all the members of the cast , orchestra and audience in a stage show , including nine members of a minstrel act , the ladies in the audience and a trained chimp . in cops , he finds himself in a police chase that is one amazing situation after another 
software neg 40.txt the program works fine on windows xp and is easy to use . it lets you print cards of many sizes . the big disappointment is in the number of cards that comes with the program . the back of the box claims & quot ; 4500+ cards and sentiments , celebrate life 's special moments with cards for all occasions&quot ; . that 's nice . the problem with that is that i counted the total number of cards that come with the program . it only adds up to 1045 ! so where are the other 3450+ cards and sentiments ? are you supposed to design them yourself ? i just do n't know . and certainly & quot ; cards for all occasions&quot ; means just that , does n't it ? well there 's lots of birthday cards and plenty of holiday cards but not one sympathy card of any kind . i guess you just need to buy those on your own 
health pos 700.txt this handy little device has be a lifesaver in helping to remind me to take my pills . it is easy to set up . just put in the # of hours between your doses , 12 or 24 hours for twice a day or once a day medications . i use two of these . the timer counts down the hours and then chirps . when you silence the alarm , it automatically starts the countdown again . the storage compartment is handy for keeping my pills when i travel . most of the time , i just use it to remind me to take my pills . i wish i knew about this a long time ago 
dvd neg 841.txt no reviews for this video as the disk i have got has nothing recorded on it and it has a flat and rough gray inside surface with no silver surface of recorded movie and when inserted into the player a message of no disk is displayed . as the shipping cost is to be born by the buyer in case a dvd is defective and in my case the shipping cost is much more than the dvd as i have to ship in from india . so i can just throw it in the garbage bin and suggest you guys that kindly watch out for this disk . 
dvd neg 217.txt i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the " police " aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle.. . 
books pos 239.txt only knowing jack canfield from the very successful " chicken soup for the soul " mega series , i had no idea his abilities as a motivational mentor and coach . although this book title seemed to be directed toward business success , the gems of this book can be used in every aspect of your life . this lengthy book is full of words of wisdom and wit . lines that will move you to tears of discovery or move you to change directions . a absolute must read book for understanding the real you 
music neg 593.txt unlike most other items i 've bought from amazon , i failed to read the reviews for this particular cd before purchasing . being a fan of the final fantasy series , i think i fell into a bit of the " fanboy " ( well in my case , " fangirl " i guess ) syndrome . also i did n't do my homework at all and thought this was an orchestrated recording , which it most certainly is not . i own most of the final fantasy ost 's ( and heartily endorse them for fans of the games ) and this particular cd does nothing new or compelling to the music . tracks 1-7 are pretty much carbon copies of their ost counterparts . track 8 , the opening theme of ffviii ( liberi fatali ) has a very odd synth-solo vocal mix covering what is in the original a very moving choral section . tracks 9-11 again are basically copies of the ost . track 12 , " alexandria ( vivi 's theme ) " is the only somewhat-original track , as it seems to put together several pieces from the ffix soundtrack in a medley of sorts . unless you are a rabid fan who must have everything ff , i recommend saving up and purchasing the real ost 's instead of this disc . while i do n't see non-fans flocking to purchase this disc , it might be worthwile if you 're only slightly interested in the series and want a taste . even in that event i 'd be worried this disc would turn those people off from the series entirely . pros : cheap ( i paid $6 , new ) track 12 is worth a listen cons : tracks 1-7 , 9-11 offer nothing much new or different track 8 has creepy ( in a bad way ) synth / voice mixe 
dvd pos 640.txt the wolf man legacy set a no brainer.like all the classic universal legacy sets the special features are worth the price alone . jack pierce 's make up and wolfman creation are still the best ! this set along with dracula and frankenstein legacy collections enables you to see the entire series in order as sequels to the inferior but still hard to dislike monster rallies they would end with . you still need abbott and costello meets frankenstein to truely complete the series 
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
health neg 990.txt i bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair , when it gets hot it would stop . good thing i did n't throw it away . this cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months . it is also very loud ! almost hurt my ears to use i 
music pos 835.txt i think his debut had the best lyrics . this joint gets off to a good start with we still party and pretty much bangs till the end . his production on here is best described as " late 90 's roger troutman-esque g-funk " . geust stars like 2nd ii none , amg , suga free and el debarge get their shine on . top joints : we still party ( peter gunz and quik on the track ) quik jacks the verb song from school house rock . ( the jam ) so many wayz hand in hand you'z a ganxta ( quik refutes rumors that he was involved in biggie 's demise . also denounces reference to death in rap songs . ) i useta know her ( should be called i useta hit that ) speed medley for a ' v ' ( the p***y medley ) get 2getha again ( class of 91 , 2nd ii none , amg and quik triple team on this track . ) reprise ( medley for a ' v ) 
software pos 451.txt i really enjoy using this program , much better than what was out there 5 - 10 years ago when i last worked on genealogy . i love the ancestry.com feature , it is wonderful to go find your grandparents , great-grandparents and even great-great grandparents in the us census . i have found out a few things that i did n't know , unfortunately my mother recently passed away , and i have no one to verify some of it with . i would suggest that anyone contemplating this program gets it now , and starts working while you still have elders who can help you sort through the information you find . i also found a family tree out there from someone who only lives a few blocks from where we used to live . she has traced her family back to the 1500 's in germany...and it appears that they are related to us . it was strange to go to her website and find a picture of my great grandparents headstone . it was just another branch of the family . buy it 
music neg 249.txt i should first state that i am a huge ej fan . his music has been extremely important to me over the years . he is , without a doubt , a genius ... i would go so far as to call him the mozart of our times . but , elton can also write bloated , self-indulgent tripe , and if you ask me , this album belongs in that bucket . i give it 2 stars just because of ssmlt , one of his all-time greats . i never cease to be blown away by that song . but the rest of this album ? booooooring ! ! ! 
camera pos 567.txt i bought this item to be used with my sony hdr-hc3 camcorder in combination the fig rig . it works as advertised . i do wish the clamp portion of the item was removeable , but it can be worked around . i found the remote to be very responsive , as you would expect from sony . and the price was a bargin . 
dvd pos 845.txt six degrees of separation is an outstanding play transformed to the screen with dignity but with a script that keeps us in the live theatre instead of in a motion picture . not that that is a bad thing : the script by john guare is brilliant . it simply seems a little static , with its marvelous plays on words , repeated phrases , and disjointed movements significant unto themselves but not really taking advantage of cinematic possibilities of flow . essentially the tale of how a married couple who deal art ( stockard channing and donald sutherland - both in peak form ) are so caught up in their superficial lives that they are taken in by a handsome young african american con artist ( will smith ) whose various antics bring the couple round to reexamining their shallow existence . most of the story is related over art dealings and dinner conversations and are peopled by such luminaries as kitty carlisle , ian mckellen , artists chuck close and kazuko , mary beth hurt , bruce davidson etc - a really fine ensemble . there are many social comments clustered in this story and it continues to play well after its origins on the stage and fifteen years after the movie was made . this was one of will smith 's entries into film as well as one of the gifted stockard channing 's finest roles . highly recommended for repeated viewings . grady harp , october 0 
books neg 413.txt as many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction , however midway it turns into a romance novel . i give it 3 stars for holding my attention . a good beach read that can get you thinking ( a little ) about a time past . the one star is a mistake and i cannot seem to change it . 3 *** stars 
music pos 109.txt review no.77.a superbly / nicely done reissue of the zombie 's second ' actual ' album ( is n't it ? ) .total of 27 tracks , so since the first twelve ( 12 ) cuts were the original lp , i guess that means you get seventeen bonus tracks , wow ! that 's a lot , for a one-disc release.a fine cd to repeatedly play , plus keep in your ' current rotation ' stack for a long time to come.it 's probably just me , but these tunes should be in a different playing order.that 's why i 'll sometimes pre-program this cd before i listen to it.loads of fabulous / memorable tunes to enlighten your evening with here , like " care of cell 44 " ( three versions , but welcome ) , " time of the season " ( stereo and mono versions ) , the beautifully-done melodic " a rose for emily " ( 2 versions ) , " i want her , she wants me " , " maybe after he 's gone " and a cut that i 've certainly never heard before , but was quite impressed with it , " butchers tale " .obviously , the zombies must 've had hours of unreleased material that most of the world did n't take great notice of , until now.simply , a must-have.timeless top rate british invasion rock&roll that 'll never truly die 
music pos 959.txt one reviewer remarked that morten veland had & quot ; done it again . &quot ; yup , he shot himself in the foot again , just like he did on tristania 's & quot ; beyond the veil . &quot ; veland has an obvious talent in songwriting and building arrangements , and he definitely has a knack for surrounding himself with quality musicians . his problem is that rather than using his death metal growling for proper effect , where it 's appropriate , he just plasters it everywhere , and again lessens what would otherwise have been an incredible cd . with all of the talent that is present in this band , it would certainly have been better to let them come out of the background a little more . the songs where veland does that ( which are all too few ) , like & quot ; on the wane , & quot ; are easily the cd 's best moments . to the band 's credit , the songs are more varied than on botv , with some of the guitar parts sounding like more traditional heavy metal riffs ( especially at the beginning of the opening track ) . it 's definitely still melodic goth-metal , but shows some new directions for veland , which i find promising . now , if he would just cut back on the growling...say to 50% of the cd...sirenia 's next cd will be a sure winner 
books pos 765.txt this book is a really excellent source for anyone wanting to understand the reasons that saudi arabia is the way it is today . i was lucky to find my copy in a used bookstore . it does get a little tedious when discussing the business / oil aspects of the 1960 's and 70 's , but it 's well worth it . it 's a detailed history from start until publishing and that is definitely a relevant time . 
health pos 664.txt the foot massager is great . it 's open design allows it to be used on the legs as well as the feet unlike others that are boot like . the massager adjusts to your size legs and feet automatically for a snug fit . the massager is adjustable to almost any configuartion with tilt , raise / lower and etc. the only problem with this device is that it can become top heavy as a result of the adjustability of it . so keeping it upright can be a bit challenging . but for the price and quality this is a great relief on the feet and legs as well as wallet 
dvd neg 302.txt i love pablo 's act on comedy central . this one does n't even touch it 
music neg 205.txt i 'm mean , i know these guys do n't have a shred of originality. . afterall , that make some of the same crappy beats you can put together on piano 's and they just got to mess up classic songs also . he 's about as good of a musician as he is an actor . this country is just too unoriginal these days 
books pos 957.txt i read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class - - and then i read it again , and enjoyed it both times . de wall does protest too much - - he 's clearly answering his critics throughout - - but i found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing . more importantly , de wall 's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive ( not that i needed much persuading ) , and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining . i 'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days 
software pos 878.txt this is a great program if you never owned an older version of family treemaker . the new version is so similar to the older versions it does n't pay to upgrade 
health neg 370.txt item does not look any thing like the picture . it is flat . i do n't feel any difference when i am setting for long periods of time 
camera pos 332.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
health neg 637.txt this is easily the worst beard trimmer i 've used . it slips and cuts hair much shorter than anticipated , and the teeth on the guard are far too fine 
software pos 240.txt a good choice for newbies that love adventure games . nancy drew 's games are perfect , fresh , relaxing , but also give you a lot of thinking some times 
books pos 563.txt this book is important for every one who has a back " issue " . given 5 as gifts to loved one 's experiencing back pain 
dvd pos 707.txt you might think from the title and the commercials this movie is about a super sexy porn star slut...but it 's actually the opposite . i really liked how the movie was done to portray the struggles some girls really have to go through in their carrers and mixed it with the toughness of high school . this is definately a movie i would reccomend to people over like 16 but only if you want to watch a funny movie about the discovering and strength of two people...this movie is the real thing , i enjoyed it and i think many other people could too 
books pos 402.txt i received this as a gift . very happy read . captures thoughts you hope your best friend has 
software neg 877.txt after purchasing this product , i found there were several problems with scanning . i contacted nuance ( who purchased scansoft ) to ask for assistance from technical support . however , i then learned they want $9.95 for each incident when a request is made by email . not by phone - by email . after putting out a great deal of money for this product , i should not have to pay $9.95 for assistance with each issue that is a problem with their product . save yourself a great deal of grief and avoid this product . i regret that amazon does not allow me to give this product " 0 " stars . 
music neg 323.txt i just wanted to let you know about a copyright situation . in this movie there is a part where they are sitting in a mexican food restuarant and there is a song playing in the back round . that song is not listed on the song track and i think it should be . the song is atrevido by orishas . i think this is wrong . 
dvd neg 993.txt running with scissors is a slice of life movie which spends time leering into the lives of eccentrics and then ends with no revelations or culminating event . unfortunately what comes before the movie fails to culminate is not very profound or insightful . it is marginally entertaining and somewhat troubling . the lead character in the movie is a 15-year old . his parents divorce , and his selfish mother sends him to live with her charlatan psychoanalyst and his similarly-acquired family . lead is on course to become a writer ( who eventually writes the non-fiction account upon which this movie is based ) , but we see little of his efforts to develop himself as a writer . all the performances were serviceable , save for gwyneth paltrow , who lazily regurgitates a role she played previously . annette benning is also essentially revisiting a role she played in a better movie . mrs. benning performed excellently and selflessly , but the similarity of the roles intruded on my view of the movie . it is a sure sign that hollywood is producing too many dysfunctional family flicks when all actors have been consigned to act in them and some actors are serving a second term . also growing tiresome is the treatment of gays in movies . the presence of one or more characters has become a requirement in films that explore a set of quirky characters . furthermore , the gays are stereotypically endowed with greater passion and depth of emotion , and are put-upon or stifled by the stodgy straights . the most promising characters are the psychoanalyst 's wife and adopted daughter . the movie has some colorful and funny scenes , but these are not enough to justify a viewing 
software pos 89.txt all i have to say is 485 comics for 40 dollars . or about 40 years worth . that 's like a dollar a year . you do the math...it 's an amazing deal . also , quality is great and you can print them if you want 
health neg 228.txt i am on my second zadro led lighted fogless mirror - yes , customer service was decent and they sent me a new one . however , the initial problem was repeated plus some - - it fogs up despite following directions , using their spray , and using words i shoul n't repeat here . additionally , the clock runs slow and one of the two lights is out after only a few months . one good thing is that suction cups still hold it up as long as i press them in every week . this product has problems which make a mockery of its " zfogless " claim . save yourself the trouble - - do n't buy it 
health neg 947.txt i 've used the cardiochek 6 times , and had my cholesterol checked at a doctor 's office during the same period . my cholesterol levels according to the doctor 's tests are always around 200. with the cardiochek they vary by as much as 90 points . it is a lot of trouble ( and expensive ) to purchase 3 sets of test strips and stab myself 3 times to test total cholesterol , hdl cholesterol , and triglycerides . no test strips are included in the package when i purchased the cardiochek . the box says " includes check strips " but those are something other than test strips 
dvd pos 191.txt this is without a doubt , one of harrison fords greatest moments . an incredible film with some of the best visual effects i 've ever seen . very dramatic with a lot of suspense . a very well written plot and an all star cast make this a very enjoyable experience to view . a film you will want to see again and again . action , mystery , drama , thriller . there are a lot of goofs in this film if you are into looking for such , but they do n't in any way detract from the overal quality of this very well done suspense drama . i highly recommend it 
software pos 315.txt i 've always preferred wordperfect to word . i find it is easier to use , more intuitive , and allows more control over documents . it is less buggy , and i have yet to find one thing that word does better than wp . this new version of wp is even better than the old , and i can use it more now because it seamlessly converts documents to and from word . word users should find this version especially easy to switch to , since it can be made to look and act like word ( though why anyone would want that , i do n't know ) . underneath the surface , though , it is still wp , which means it is stable , you can see codes in your document and manipulate them , and it wo n't do things like decide when you put a number somewhere that you are making a list and start indenting and doing other weird things you do n't want and ca n't control . i have been using wpx3 heavily since i got it , but i still have n't used all the features . i am especially looking forward to trying its pdf conversion function . i also have n't used any of the other programs in the suite yet , but if prior versions are any indicator , they will also be easy to use and powerful . 
dvd pos 36.txt the chronological donald vol.2 was the second box of my collection , after i happen collected the first one . the tin box contains 2 dvd9 look very precious.but the shipment made its had some ding . if you like disney , you do n't miss this treasures collection . the dvd content very classical and a lot of fun for your children 
software neg 377.txt i purchased this program with the intention of entering a bunch of typewritten pages into my computer . the document that this program produced from newly typed material was so full of errors that i simply had to re-type . it would have taken longer to correct than to re-type . when i talked to textbridge about these problems all they would tell me is that the program was not meant for such use and that i should buy one of their other programs which had good optical character recognition capabilities . in other words , they know the product is not any good and they are not willing to stand behind it . the program is useless for optical character recognition work or anything else 
health neg 942.txt maybe it 's just my bad luck , but i ordered this item and it came out with the expired battery . i called amazon , and they sent me a replacement quickly . the thing is that the replacement was in exactly the same *not working* condition . the same problem with the battery . i was suggested to shop somewhere else for this item , as amazon vendor do n't check the condition of the items before they ship them to customers . be aware ! do n't waste your time 
books neg 668.txt after reading a fine balance i could n't wait to read another book by this author . i then read his third book called family matters which was good but i was disappointed as it by no means compared to a fine balance . i just finished such a long journey and found it to be okay but very slow moving and downright boring in some spots . it is my least favorite of the three books by this author . it 's hard to believe that someone can right a book like a fine balance , which was magnificant and one of the best books i have ever read , and then turn our stuff that is , at best , average . 
camera neg 347.txt although easy to load a smart card , this viewer was disappointing in quality . my pictures look fine on my computer , but the pictures were dark and there was no instruction on how to change the contrast etc. ( although i found that it the picture could be adjusted , it was never mentioned in the manual ) . the manual is , because of the comment above , disgustingly incomplete . if not going through the bother of returning it through amazon because i purchased it on line , i would not have kept it . i actually bought another digital frame that was smaller and cheaper and it was worse , otherwise i would have given it only one star . i could have purchased a unit a circuit city or bestbuy and been better off 
camera neg 198.txt it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards 
camera neg 764.txt do n't be fooled by the enticing 6 megpixels that this camera offers . i 'd been waiting along time to upgrade from my 3 mp nikon coolpix sq as the prices of the higer resolution cameras continued to drop . what 've i 've discovered , however , is that there is so much sensor noise in the full resolution 6 mp images from this hp camera that the additional resolution is worthless . the images look absolutely horrible . my little nikon sq with it 's lower resolution produces much sharper pictures at every image size . do your homework and make sure that the sensor in the camera you 're buying is a good one 
software neg 247.txt there 's a reason why this stuff is significantly discounted . this is definitely one of the worst products i have ever bought . i did not do much research . i think the data may be in there , but i could not learn how to make it work . the interface is horrific - unusable . do n't do it 
camera pos 671.txt i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr 
dvd neg 546.txt i was disappointed with this longer version of the mill on the floss . i thought , being bbc and a long version it would be a definitive one , but i have to agree with the other reviewer . this version left out some very important events , and emotions seemed washed out rather than passionate and moving . i like long movies , but this dragged because it just does n't hold your attention . the 1997 masterpiece theatre version is so much more powerful , and keeps all important events intact , spending less time on maggie 's mother worrying about the fate of her china , and more on character and plot development , with a very haunting score . i really hope the other version is released on dvd-if so , i will probably donate this one to the library , because i ca n't quite see myself rewatching it . i would rather read the book , instead 
health neg 886.txt i bought the goggles and was excited by the look . they are kind of " riddick " like . they had disappoiinting performance when i rode my jet ski at 65 mph and they flew off my face . they did float and so i found them and tried it a second time and same thing happened . i gave them to my daughter and she will try to wear them skiing . they definately are not for extreme sports . they are also too big for casual use as sun glasses . 
books neg 7.txt noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his , yours , and mine - the united states of america . he has made millions of dollars teaching , lecturing , selling his books , and investing . his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved . his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s. , in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states . he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy . he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism , when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now , and even in history . his distrust of any authority , benign or otherwise , is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the " underdog , " even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah . yet since 1955 , hypocrite chomsky has worked for the " overdog " massachusetts institute of technology , which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction , and continues to this very day . chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state . if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money , earning the adulation of the american left , and freedom to express himself , he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea , iran , or syria . let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much , the united states of america . god bless america , which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak , teach , and make lots of money . raybo 
software neg 248.txt i was expecting a lot more from these two cd's . it teaches you a few items of food , basic words like " hello " , please " and " airplane " and even teaches you to ask " where are the suitcases " ... but then that is about it . i was really hoping for more.. . much more 
books pos 351.txt i was a little wary about the title but this was not at all about weight gain and / or loss ; weight was incidental . in this fiercely intelligent novel , dorothy and justine are both desperately lonely women , both victims of abuse , and yet are different in other ways . their parents often failed them , their childhood was often full of shame and self-sabotage , but gaitskill writes this with complexity , always aware that a victim can also be a victimizer . gaitskill is never sentimental . underneath her narrative , underneath the pain and the sex scenes ( which are never fully loving ) and the disappointments and loneliness , is a raging anger at the inability of human beings to connect - on race , on class , but mostly on gender . i sensed that anna granite , the intellectual whose shadow dominates this narrative , and who is the reason dorothy and justine first meet , is gaitskill 's platform for displaying her keen intellect ; and sometimes there is a hint of didactism . but this is a minor quibble . the last section moved me very much and proved that although gaitskill abhors sentimentality , she can certainly do sentiment well . ` humanity ' is a word often found in this book . our sexuality is connected to our humanity . our ability to treat other human beings like human beings is what makes us human . in the end , gaitskill 's brilliant , wonderfully feminist novel was , for me , about how easily we strip each other of our humanity . 
software pos 167.txt this is a good software for casual use ( hiking , biking , geocaching ) , but not without issues . on the positive side , it definitely beats all non-digital ( scanned usgs maps ) alternatives . the level of details is good enough ( how many of us need to know topography down to 5 feet ? ) . the fact that maps are digitally generated ( with vectors i believe ) makes all the labels clear at any scale . it has two advantages over its main " digital " competitor , ng topo . first , all of the us is on one dvd for the price of separate state / region cds from ng . and second , it is available . i could not even find ng 's northeast edition anywhere on the web ! one might think nh and me are some obscure corners of the globe and not big tourist destinations . now the few negatives . the exchange feature with gps is flaky . sometimes it takes several tries of unplugging and replugging the cable and restarting the program before it recognizes my garmin . part of it could be that low and mid range gps still have serial connection and are not truly plug-and-play even with com-to-usb adapter ( beats me why garmin ca n't make all their gps with usb in this day and age ) . in any case , regardless of whose fault it is , it is annoying at times not to be able to connect the two smoothly . the second problem i noticed was with the 3-d window . it clearly consumes a lot of memory and crashes my laptop if i do a lot of rapid rescaling . i ended up just closing that window , since it is pretty much for " coolness " and does not add any real topographical value . finally , i had a problem with delorme 's service . i purchased it from amazon with a rebate offer . however , a month after submitting the necessary info i received a card from delorme stating that the bar code i sent was not a upc code . the box only had one bar code on it so i am not sure how i could have made a mistake . they requested that i send a correct one , but with the code cut out and gone , how do they expect me to come up with one ? ! i feel a little bit like that was a cheap way out of paying the rebate but $20 is not worth the time arguing with them over it . i would be interested to hear if anyone else experienced the same problem . 
software neg 449.txt having just paid [...] for this product , i expected the word processing component to have at least the basics . wrong . to me , the ability to easily format a business or legal document with " page x of y " at the bottom of the page seems pretty fundamental . well , works 8.5- --unlike other microsoft word processor versions or programs- --does not provide that choice . without this basic a " feature " , you might as well simply use wordpad . i cannot comment on other abilities this program has or does n't have , or , on the spreadsheet or database modules , because i simply do n't want to spend any more time on this . recommendation : go to openoffice.org and get open office for free 
music neg 253.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
camera neg 241.txt after a few months use the camera got persnickety , often demanding upon startup that i restart it . now that the camera has completely broken down , with the lens fully extended and stuck in place , i think this was a sign of a too-delicate lens mechanism that was beginning to deteriorate . another durability issue concerns the finish : the plastic coating on the 4-way rocker switch on the back that controls image review , flash , etc. , quickly wore off , and there are other small scratches all over the body of the camera . not a big deal in itself , but annoying given the other problem . the lens is prone to strange flaring , especially indoors , where lights in the room often up as large white blotches at various points of the frame . several photos were ruined , or have required tedious photoshopping . otherwise , the lens is fine and reasonably sharp , although nothing to write home about . the camera seems to hunt for autofocus lock more than some comparable models , e.g. , canon a610. many frames are motion-blurred , as well . there are ways to avoid this , but i did n't buy a point-n-shoot with fiddly controls and menus in order to mess around with aperture-priority exposure , thank you . there are a few things to recommend it : not only is it relatively inexpensive , it has a lens significantly wider than the competition- -31 or 32mm equivalent vs. 35mm . those few mm 's make a big difference when you ca n't move back far enough to get everything in the frame . it is also quick in its operations ( except when hunting for focus , see above . ) the jpegs it cranks out are extremely colorful- -bright red so much so that details sometimes seems to be lost- -but generally everything looks good . skintones are good . still , with the durability issue , this one 's not worth it . lucky for me , unlike the other user who seemingly experienced the same type of breakdown , i did keep the receipt . anyone wanna buy a memory stick pro duo 
health neg 158.txt the first time i tried to use this tool the spring came off and would not reattach . the screw holding the spring on was defective . what a dissappointment ! ! 
software pos 369.txt wow , this really made a difference in my ability to create professional-looking comics . i have a graphics tablet and the drawing feel is really good . i think my favorite feature is the tool for making panels . plus the tool for doing special effects lines , which is pretty sweet . i just draw comics for fun , and for this price it is totally worth it . manga studio is perfect for publishing a webcomic or adding effects to existing drawings . i would definitely recommend this software if you like to draw comics or manga 
software pos 173.txt i 'm a longtime mac user and for re-naming and archiving and cataloguing thousands of images iview media pro is the best , i really like the feature that let 's you produce and publish on-line galleries of your images , without any code or html experience , using only a very simpe interface and you 're ready to go . for the full-time photographer or amateur , i highly recomend it 
health neg 779.txt i was looking to scent an entire room . the lavender is a decent aroma but you need to be within a foot . there were no recommendations on how to spread the scent throughout the entire room so i have to believe that this limited range is normal 
books neg 403.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did 
health pos 915.txt i bought this item for my husband for christmas . he has hip and knee problems so sleeping comfortably sometimes can be an issue for him . we use these pillows everyday sitting up watching tv and he uses the head and knee wedges while he sleeps . the only downfall now is that he sleeps so good he snores ! 
music pos 406.txt tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour 
health neg 982.txt this item is more of a foot and ankle massager if you have long legs . i am tall with a 37 " inseam . this item is not made for someone who has longer than " average " legs unless you 're looking for a foot and ankle massage rather than a calf massage . 
books pos 585.txt thirty five years ago my high school ( thomas jefferson , in federal way , washington ) held annual competitions in mathematics . they did it in the form of a test that came bound in a small white booklet , just was a few pages long . there were n't many questions , perhaps a dozen or two ( usually in the form of story problems ) , but they required deep thought and concentration ( at least for me ) . i still remember the feeling of excitement and trepidation as i took the " white book " and opened it to the first problem . several hours later i 'd consider myself accomplished if i 'd managed to completely answer more than half the questions . ian stewart 's book reminds me of those tests . here 's a sampling of what 's inside : 1 ) mrs. anne-lida worm decides she wants a new couch , and tells mr. worm to get it for her , while she goes shopping for a new tight for baby wermintrude . but anne-lina does n't want just any couch . she wants the biggest possible couch that can be carried down the hall in their house , and around the 90-degree hall at the end . what shape does the couch have , and how big is it ? this is a truly riveting story . will mr. worm solve the couch problem in time ? 2 ) alberto wants to conduct tests on grapes , evaluating the influence of different soils . he wants to conduct experiments to see how different soils and exposure to the sun affects the quality of wine . his land is on a hillside , though , which is narrow , so he can plant only three varieties of grape on each plot of land . how can he arrange things so that he tests all seven varieties of grapes when they are arranged so that each plot contains exactly three different species , where any two plots have exactly one variety in common , and any two varieties lie in exactly one common plot ? sixteen chapters make up this book . though their titles are whimsical , the mathematical problems aren't . some are still unsolved . even though these problems fit in what would probably be called recreational mathematics , they are fiendishly cleaver with solutions , and developed insight along the way , that are at once challenging and rewarding . here 's a sample of some of other topics discussed in stewart 's book : how might one transport a lion , llama , and head of lettuce in a boat , across a lake , without leaving any two species where one might eat the other in the absence of a caretaker ? how can you calculate the temperature and entropy of a curve ? how can one even talk sensibly about a curve having temperature and entropy in the first place ? suppose that you need to tile a room , and the tiles come in odd shapes . is there anyway to know if the tiling problem has a solution ? can mathematics tell us things about evolution , such as whether or not evolution comes gradually or in spurts ( or both ) ? this is a fun , lighthearted book , but the mathematical problems and puzzles it discusses will really make you think . i enjoy reading as i exercise on my elliptical machine . i get double the sense of accomplishment when i can read and workout at the same time . ordinarily , i can estimate how long i 've been on the machine by how many pages i 've read - 20 pages in 40 minutes is about average . but with stewart 's book i had to be careful . several times i found that i 'd worked out for an hour and only managed to cover half-a-dozen pages or so . if you love mathematics , particularly mathematical puzzles , then this is a book you 'll really enjoy . it has many problems for the reader , with answers at the back of each chapter . if you do the problems and understand everything in the book , in detail , it will occupy many hours of your time . all in deep thought and utter enjoyment . 
software neg 363.txt i found this product to represent extremely poor value for money . i purchased the product based on all the marketing hype and testimonials . however , i have since come to the conclusion that these guys must pay people to write positive testimonials . this product only covers the basics ( levels 1 & 2 ) . then they try to rope you into paying even more money for their intermediate levels . i have since purchased a cheaper ' tell me more ' package ( for spanish ) and have been highly impressed with the scope of it . they have packed so much more value into their package . and it is a complete package - all the way to advanced level . i think it 's really disgusting that rosetta stone get away with selling such a seriously inferior product at such a highly inflated price and people still buy it . i think it borders on being a scam 
camera neg 744.txt before that it was kind of nice , but it cannot focus in even semi-low light . it is definitely light and easy to take everywhere , but there are so many conditions where the results are disappointing . no way i would call the output hd quality , just the best sd ever with a 16 * 9 format . and then it broke 
dvd pos 170.txt " all men can do anything , if they will " seems to be the final statement of this captivating picture , carefully directed by agnieszka holland , one of the major female directors in the world . this absorbing drama turns around the lives and times of three children who will meet each one another and exchange livings and fortunate encounters . on one hand , our little girl will know the world is not turning around her ; and her initial solitude will be rewarded when she found out a hiddden that will make her dreams come true , and finally she will the one in order to impluse and bring back her cousin to the life . a triumph of the cinema and definitively one of my top twenty best films of the nineties . 
music neg 367.txt or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n't shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n't shut up and play a straight beat for once . it 's like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they 've done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . " let me lie to you " is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song 's framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it 's less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it 's a shame they did n't do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart 
health neg 729.txt the photo of this product is extremely beautiful and its supposed functions are very attractive , so i bought it even though the existing reviews are mostly negative . well , the reviews are right . this product arrived unassembled . i stared at the obscure instruction and the parts that does not seem to be able to hold in any way for a good couple of minutes , and decided this is not for me . and by the way , without the beautiful blue light showing on the photo , this thing looks like a lifeless vase made of pale glass . as i re-pack this thing back , i noticed that it has actually been opened and re-sealed before . that means someone bought it and decided to return it as well . that says a lot about this product . 
music pos 351.txt this is quite a sharp turn from francine 's previous album ( 40 on a fall day ) ... whereas the last album was closer sonically to frontman clayton scoble 's work in poundcake , this time around it 's quieter , subtler , sweeter and sadder . make no mistake , this is a break-up album . even those songs that make no mention of breaking up leave you with that cold , lonely , hug-craving feeling only the best break-up albums can . the mood will draw you in and keep you listening , but after a few listens it 's the songs you 'll fall in love with . ahh , the songs . they 're densely packed with chord changes , odd but appealing lyrics , and unexpected instrumentation . they 're hooky without being obvious ( a francine specialty ) . this was my favourite album of 2003 , and i still listen to it pretty often these days . best tracks : this sunday 's revival , silver plated 606 , novelty , 13 years . best lyric : " read a year old mail / now you should 've told me / i 've been repeating myself / only far less convincingly 
health pos 330.txt i purchased the caruso for my wife after returning a conair infinity . the conair infinity did not measure up to her expectations . she is happy with the caruso and feels that it does an good job setting curl . i will offer a few observations of my own . i would think that companies that produce these devices would be more sensative to the needs of a broader spectum of customer . for instance , women have different lengths of hair . this device provides 6 petite , 6 small , 6 medium , 6 large , 6 jumbo . that might be fine for women with shoulder length hair , but not for everyone . there 's not enough of one size to get the job done . there 's not enough of two sizes to get the job done . if your hair has just been cut , it 's to short to use the larger sizes , unless you have long hair to start with . my wife 's hair is not quite shoulder length , she 's got a problem . so , i figured , no big deal , just order a dozen of the right size . one dozen additional rollers cost $35. i only paid $29 for the unit with 30 rollers . that 's not what i call customer friendly . 
dvd neg 519.txt i love me some mamet . his dialogue takes some getting used to , since it is crafted so as to touch on the edges of realism while inhabiting a more stylistic realm . i also love his dedication to his actors , employing the same ones over and over , so that his movies come off as different shows performed by the same theatrical troupe , which may very well be his point . however , edmond is the first mamet film to leave me disappointed and , worse , annoyed . macy plays edmond with typical wide-eyed aplomb . edmond is a man who is weak , but is valiantly ( if not clumsily ) trying to be strong . the movie starts with a chance encounter with a fortune teller whose tarot card reading provides a cinematic outline for the remainder of the film . edmond then goes home , breaks up with his wife , and goes on a deaf , dumb , and blind search for himself , finding instead over-priced whores , pimps who are not-what-they-seem , and - - generally - - everything but himself . i get the point : edmond is the epitome of modern man 's emasculation , unable to find his own balls with both hands , and his tawdry and panicked search through new york for some unnameable salvation is an example of the lengths anyone must go ( man or woman ) to find , if not redemption , then the places where one " belongs . " there are a lot of problems here . most superficially , there 's one of packaging . the dvd box prominently features a picture of a gun , and no gun appears in the film . the tags on the box call the film , alternately , a mystery and a fast-paced thriller , when it is neither one of those things . not even close . this movie is ( like most of mamet 's work ) based on a play ; never before has it been more obvious ( unless you count the absolutely brilliant oleanna ) . edmond is , essentially , a one-man show , with macy delivering numbing and rambling monologues , stopped only occasionally to engage in awkward and almost meaningless side action with ancillary characters ( some of them played well - - denise richards actually shines in her brief scene as a hooker - - and some of them not so well - - julia stiles seems over-medicated in her role as an ambivalent and easily persuaded waitress ) . in spite of how they do and do n't help edmond make his way through the tunnel of decadence and misery he creates for himself , most of these characters seem disposable , making the movie come across as equally dismissable . ( i would also like to take a moment here to make a small observation about rebecca pidgeon , mamet 's wife , an actress who appears , i think , in every single one of her husband 's films : this woman is , viewed in even the nicest of lights , one of the worst actresses i 've ever seen , and she sucks the life out of every scene she 's in . in this movie she plays edmond 's wife , and does so with heartless and uninspired vehemence . it 's nice that mamet gives his wife the opportunities he does , but one has to wonder if she 'd ever get any acting work at all if she were n't married to such a famous writer / director ) . at the risk of spoiling the film , i will say that , at the end , edmond finally does find where he " belongs , " a place that , given his previous struggles , makes a lot of sense ( although the manner in which he finds this belonging might offend more than a few viewers ) . but this is small consolation since , by this time , few people are likely to have any sympathy for edmond or where he ends up . his character 's slap-dash personality combined with the persistent and mostly meaningless monologues on fate , fear , destiny and ( ironically ) meaning make for a benumbing and distasteful cinematic experience . a few good performances and some nice , visceral cinematography do not save this film from its plot and the dialogue that fails to move that plot along . avoid this flick ; try oleanna or glen gary glenross instead . 
camera neg 51.txt image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day 
dvd neg 416.txt i think i understand what camp is . " the damned " is a film taking upon itself the allegorical rise and fall of nazi germany in such an overindulgent manner that one cringes and giggles at the same time . i guess gay folks everywhere can blame luchino visconti the " great " director for making a laughing stock out of homosexuals in nazi ss garb . mel brooks realized in his film " the producers " that nazi 's are damn funny , but not even brook 's vision could foresee the downfall of the essenbeck family as the currents of early nazi bloodshed swirls about . the uniforms are art deco at its worst . the young blonde , aryan , cross-dressers are a bathhouse dream until they 're lined up against the wall . rome may have had caligula , but the reich had blonde pedophiles . what a thrill to see helmut berger swishing about in marlene dietrich bodice and stockings . i watched the whole thing and i 'm going to end this review to take a shower 
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera 
music pos 952.txt i first heard dan singing background vocals on the jackson browne album " late for the sky " . i was 16. i went out and bought this album ( which i still have ! ! ) even though i had never heard it . i had the pleasure of seeing dan open for the eagles at the spectrum in support of this album in phila , in 1974 ; i was a junior in high school . they all joined in on " best of my love " and it just blew mw away . he had this really interesting piece of cloth on his piano . few people had heard of him prior to this album . this is by far his best album . it is more rock and roll than the rest of his sappy later work in the 80 's and a true songwriting gem . i can remember singing " morning sky " in my friend 's ford on the way to school . you have to listen to it over and over. . " someone 's been tellin ' you stories " had a sly sexual rhyme in it that was not played on radio at that time . the musicianship on this album only serve to enhance the quality of the songwriting . this was the most raw of dan 's albums , and by ar , the most superior . sadly , dan is now fighting advanced prostate cancer ( check out his website ) . let 's hope he will make a full recovery and record and tour again soon . this is a must have for anyone who is a fan of any 1970 's rock and roll . 
books neg 804.txt wow ! i read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book . luckily , i got it out of the library & did n't buy it . i liked it at first , but then the situations got more & more implausible . then i was reading it just to laugh at it . some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too . if i had the book here at work with me , maybe i could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes . not a well written book at all in my humble opinion . glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway 
books neg 880.txt another hyprocritical nut . these christian fundamentalists like are literally screaming jesus , while cutting your throats , not unlike the jihadi fundamentalists . the only thing is they cant do that now as they used to couple of hundred years back by enslaving and lynching blacks , killing native americans , and showing their christian love for the jews - by exterminating them . hope our future generations dont have to live in a christian saudi arabia . this is what these whackos envision 
dvd neg 119.txt this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie 
camera neg 930.txt i bought this item for $40 online and then found out my canon camera didnt need a cannon brand charger and i could have bought one for $10 instead . in total i spent for this charger which included the shipping and handling . not worth it . go to another store and by one for $10 
camera neg 656.txt the battery which " popped up " with my camera order does not match the camera . thus i am stuck with the hassel of returning a battery . i was leaving for a trip when it arrived and so i had to go out and buy a replacement after it arrived . 
dvd pos 123.txt the brood is the lightning in the bottle that director david cronenberg has never been able to duplicate . while all of his films definitely have his fingerprints all over them , the brood managed to rise to the top of all of his films . it is absolutely dripping in a sense of dispair and dread . there is a pervading coldness about it - such that you want to wrap up in something warm as you watch it - you want to watch it with the lights on because you 're very much afraid of what might be there if you turn off the lights . the film is a psychological thriller wrapped in a slasher flick . it warrants slasher status simply because of the sheer number of onscreen murders that take place . this is a very bloody film ! samantha eggar is nuts and in a weird clinic for people like her . she is being treated by a creepy oliver reed ( in one of his better performances ) . art hindle is her ex husband and he 's worried about how she is treating their young daughter . after a while that is the least of his worries , as these horribly disfigured and ( what the hell are they ? ) bizarre little children run around killing all the people that have really ticked off samantha eggar . i wo n't say more , because part of the horror in a cronenberg film is the pseudo-science that he get you to believe in . whereas cronenberg 's videodrome was weird , but not terribly good , the brood is one of the creepiest films i 've ever seen and a guilty pleasure ( can i really call it that ? ) that i choose to subject myself to every so often . really ! what are those things ? 
dvd pos 909.txt i think that anyone who believes this movie to be " hilarious " or hudson 's performance " overrated " and " over-the-top " in her singing just does n't like musicals . or perhaps does n't like an all black cast ( i am not black ) or is too young to understand the 60 's world of music and payola and backstabbing . while touted to be similar to the experiences suffered by the supremes with diana ross as its lead singer , it is close in some aspects and totally far away in others . the key words here are " loosely based " on the story of the supremes . why people , including ross herself do n't get that is beyond me ! over the top ? if anyone saw the original play with jennifer holliday ( i did see it ) then you do n't know the meaning of over the top . that character was supposed to be that way and hudson did a wonderful job of that . her performance overrated ? hogwash ! she deserved all the accolades she received as a novice actress . murphy did one of his best acting jobs ever ! beyonce 's performance was good but not great . this was in part because her character while prominent was not the focus of the movie nor was it of the play . this was beyonce 's best acting performance thus far though she still needs some work and the " right " role . this was not the right role for her in my opinion . hudson 's character is the main and central character which puzzles me for the " supporting actress " win . though as lead actress she probably would have lost . you people out there , do n't take my word for this movie 's greatness and take on a true part of history even if it was " white-washed , " no pun intended . or do n't think its a bad movie like some other critics here . you must judge for yourself . i hope and think that you wo n't be disappointed . there are some more than subtle references to the supremes and diana ross especially in some of the costumes , beyonce 's images and album covers ( cd covers for you youngsters ) but only die hard fans of the supremes and people who were there at that time would know that . enjoy 
dvd pos 834.txt i just watched " mommie dearest " for the first time tonight . as most critics and fans of " mommie dearest " acknowledge , the film portrays such a pitiful story of abuse , with such an over-dramatic ( but entirely true-to-life ) performance by faye dunaway , it was both hilarious and depressing . i 'm 30 and did n't know much about joan crawford outside of the endless chatter about the film being " classic camp . " seems to me crawford was probably bi-polar or had some other unexplained mental disorder . i think she was quite aware that some of the insanity she lived with was caused by movie industry she was dedicated to . she knew the industry poisoned any good thing she endeavored to do , whether it was having a successful marriage , a happy family , or even giving to charity . her life was a running commercial directed by hollywood , not unlike the tabloid-driven , image-obsessed hollywood we have today . despite the often-times hilarious image of her and her sibling 's victimization on film , christina 's abuse and disappointment with her mother was real and painful at some point in her life . christina crawford was completely justified turning her mother 's image on its head with her book and movie . yes , the movie is outrageous but it is also empowering . after all , what can the powerless do about their pitiful past except laugh . mocking the unexplained , unjustified pain you experienced in the past , renders it powerless to harm your future . this is the legacy of " mommie dearest " whatever joan crawford really was 
health neg 56.txt enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the u.s. each year to reach to the moon and back . think about where they come from and where they go . what kind of world do you want your kids to live in ? cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact . 
books pos 363.txt this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover . 
health pos 44.txt the toothbrush section an the local drug store has at least a hundred different tooth brushes on offer but in spite of all this variety almost all of these have large heads . if you mouth is more petite or you have a strong gag reflex , your teeth suffer . the oral b head is small and although you have to work a little more on each tooth , you can . i have not had a cavity in years . my pearly whites look greate and my gums are firm an buffed . if only these woked on abs . 
software pos 959.txt as the editor of the learning spanish products reviews ( learningspanishproductsreviews ) site , one of my responsibilities is to review learning-spanish software products that are listed on amazon . i am also a native spanish speaker and a professional spanish instructor . rosetta stone spanish is a great learning spanish product for a child or pre-teenager that wants to learn spanish . this software features native speakers , real-life images , and a speech recognition feature . your child or pre-teenager will find that this software is lots of fun . but the photographs do appear to be from at least two decades ago . i 'd actually give this product 5 stars as a tool for teaching a child or pre-teenager spanish . but as a learning-spanish product for an adult the effectiveness of the product really depends on whether the adult is a visual learner or not . my advice is for you to also experiment with some of the auditory or auditory / text based comprehensive spanish courses sold on amazon , and decide if you are primarily a visual or auditory ( or auditory / text ) learner . even if you determine that you learn better with or an auditory spanish course you can still get good results with rosetta stone spanish , by using it to complement your main auditory home-study spanish course . you may also find the rosetta stone software helpful if you 're an adult that has one or more of the major comprehensive auditory courses under your belt , and now you are merely seeking to expand your vocabulary . 
music neg 703.txt triple h ( as fed up ) : i love britney , she is so pretty and nice and so on . shawn michaels ( as hellraiser ) : anyone who hates her are just jealous ! triple h : well , we got some news , britney is nothing but an ugly redneck piece of trailer trash . shawn michaels : this no-talent hack is a washed up skank whose career sank . triple h : this chick is a skank , unlike my wife stephanie mcmahon who looked good whilst carrying my first child ( i just had a daughter ) . shawn michaels : britard on the other hand is one ugly airbrushed , lying hypocrite . d-generation x says if you are not down with dx and you choose to be down with britney and her blind sheep fans , we got two words for ya ( crowd yells s*ck it ) 
health neg 231.txt i was anxious to use this for my mother as she has a bad back . however , immediately after opening the product , i tried to plug it in , as it does n't work without batteries being fully charged . unfortunately , this massager would plug in but did not start charging , and therefore , it could not be charged . i will be returning this item 
dvd neg 846.txt if you must see a cannibal film stick to cannibal holocaust . the grindhouse release is well worth the money . however the grindhouse release of ferox is just awful . the picture quality is horrendous . the movie is lacking any redeemable quality . there are a few violent moments , but just a few . one of the absolute worst italian horror / exploitation films made . if cannibal holocaust is the citizen kane of cannibal films , then ferox is the plan 9. 
health pos 689.txt this is a useful tool in that it makes the software / hardware combination available at a less expensive price than any other i am aware of . my only criticism is that there is not a lot of information on interpretation of the output , although from reading heart math literature one can get a sense of what one is doing . however for the price it is definitely worth it and i could see that some people may want to get the game mostly for the option of having this expansion pack 
health pos 593.txt i have a preemie who 's temperature needs to be monitored pretty much constantly . at every diaper change we were taking axial temps with one of those standard digital thermometers . torture ! took forever and baby screamed her head off the whole time . then my sister got this thermometer for us and it is fabulous . what we like : 1. when baby is screaming , the light blinks and then goes solid when temp is done , great when you ca n't hear the beep . 2. it truly does take a second unless baby is thrashing about . 3. produces a long beep when you are taking your own temperature , no guesswork about when it 's finished which is an improvement over earlier models . what we do n't like : 1. preemies have tiny ear holes . so we have had to wait till our baby 's ear was big enough to be able to use this thing . 2. the lens covers are a pain to switch out and keep on hand , it would be nice if there were a way to just sanitize the lens after each use . 3. we see a discrepancy of almost one degree between the left and right ear which makes us question the accuracy somewhat . the enclosed brochure explains various causes of this , but that does n't help when trying to determine what exactly your baby 's temperature is . we have done both the axial and ear temp and found that the right ear on our baby corresponds with the digital thermometer 's reading on her armpit . however , the enclosed chart shows the variances between oral , rectal , axial , and ear temperatures which make it somewhat confusing . so we alternate between the digital and the ear thermometer just to be sure . i personally would recommend this thermometer for older babies and kids , just be sure that you test it out when kids are healthy to figure out your baseline and what is normal . it takes some investigation to develop your method based on what your needs are , but it is a nice , quick to use product and my family loves using it for adult temperature readings . we think we will be happier with it when baby is bigger and we are using it for sick readings only 
music pos 893.txt nothing deep , by any means , but simply a light , airy listen , with a compilation of quirky tropical tunes . even though the songs ( most of them ) were n't in the movie , they remind me of it , of the whole hawaiian atmosphere . my favorite tracks , excluding the ones included on the previous cd , are blue hawai'i ( by elvis ) , my little grass shack , coconut ( it 's just bizarre , but addicting , making you smile with absurdity ) , island in the sun , pineapple princess , and love me tender . again , it 's nothing dramatic or swirling , but it you adored lilo & amp ; stitch ( and how can you not ? ) and all it stood for , this cd might just bring some warmth into a cold day . do n't think about it . listen and pretend you 're there 
health pos 108.txt useful easy to use good price i would recommend this product 
software pos 714.txt the layout of office 2003 is better than office 2003 , which has improved my efficiency . for those who spend all day working with the outlook package , it 's worth the money to upgrade 
dvd pos 560.txt in this movie we once again see mad max ( sans hot car ) wandering around in a post apocalyptic world until he discovers bartertown in the wasteland.mel gibson tries valiantly to channel such on screen loners as clint eastwood and john wayne but only succeeds in making his character look inarticulate with poor social skills . however he becomes a threat to the matriarch of the town by the name of aunty emteevee ( or something like that ) . then mel kicks a lot of butt in the process . this is a dismal tedious movie which is only redeemed by the fact that it was filmed in the outback opal mining town of coober pedy which i visited a few years ago 
books pos 916.txt jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences . jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j. and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other . rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts . sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( " iron city " ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end . this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one 
camera pos 623.txt you ca n't beat the hd picture quality from the hv20 based on actual user reviews and comparisons with all of the latest models . while this is a single cmos sensor , it is a true 1920 x 1080 hd sensor of the same quality found in the award winning canon digital slr cameras . do n't be fooled by a 3ccd camcorder that uses smaller sensor sizes and must use " pixel shifting " . i had already hooked up the hv20 to my 720p projector , and it did look great even at my typical 120 " . but i do know that my projector probably is n't calibrated very well to be honest . so , my first wow moment came when i decided to capture some of my best outdoor footage from my canon elura stock and compare it to some hv20 footage shot of my kids over the weekend at an easter egg hunt . wow , the difference in quality was even more pronounced than i realized . i guess that the resolution difference is what it is , but this is definitely serious hd quality . the real defining wow moment that has me " selling " all of my family and friends on this camcorder came last night when i hooked it up at my brother-in-law 's house to his sony wega crt hdtv display that does 1080i and is calibrated to perfection . you wo n't find a higher quality hd display than his set imo , and my jaw dropped when my video first came up on his display that was the first time when i was truly able to see what my source footage was capable of in terms of its full resolution and amazing colors . we switched to discovery hd on his set , and other than obvious production value aspects you honestly could n't really say that it looked any more hd than the footage of my kids playing . this is way more exciting to me than when i first saw broadcast hd and watched monday night football because it is hard to describe how cool it is to see your kids on video in beautiful hd for a $1 , 000 price point . i can hardly wait to get out there and shoot some more footage . 
camera neg 781.txt i bought this camera based on an older 3mp version a friend of mine has that i liked . the older model is far superior . this camera is slow to focus , slow to shoot , and slow to save . i took 5 pictures in a row of the same thing in the same lighting condition ( indoor , medium light ) on the automatic setting , all 5 pictures turned out different , only one turned out clear . i returned it the next day and bought a cannon that i am very happy with 
dvd neg 943.txt bad , bad , bad . bad acting , bad writing , bad directing . i was sort of neutral about dicaprio until i saw this steaming pile of bad acting . consequently , since seeing this , i have n't voluntarily watched another dicaprio performance . it was a huge mistake by the director ( or the screen writer ) to not set this in the era in which jim carroll grew up . or if it was meant to be , it failed astoundingly with glaring anachronisms 
camera pos 239.txt this is my first time to purchase a battery grip for a digital slr camera and it was a good investment . i do n't have to worry about running out of battery power and at the same time it works as a vertical grip for my camera . it also looks nice on my canon 30d camera , coupled with an " l " series zoom lens 
dvd pos 187.txt fraser 's film is truly a winner in production quality . his attention to detail by bringing in his theatrical savvy is a nonpareil . despite all the cliches that can be stated about this film ; eye-candy performers , lighting , fantastic musical score , and riske scenes , this film has visually appealing sequences . if anyone is interested in film and theatrical production , i would highly recommend the director 's commentary-you really get an insight to an artist in process . from the commentary , it seems that fraser will never be finished with this film : a mentale that i admire in an artist . art is a process and is never perfect . this is another one of those great modern plays that works very well for the film . getting to the roots of the human psyche is something films should continue into the future . this film does explore the 3 dimensionality of people . i did have a problem with the didacticism of the script however . though most writers try to leave it up to the audience to decide , i feel that the script gave little regard for wives who are victims of their husbands having gay affairs . i had to agree with another reviewer who titled his review as " selfish gay guy ruins a marriage " . ( on the other hand , cherilee taylor did a great job in combating this fault with the script ; she was n't quite the victim her character ultimately could have become . ) by the end of the film , i was wondering how violet was making it as a once again as single woman . from an audience 's standpoint , we did n't really see that . david and kryla make up , matt goes to illustration school , but what happens to violet ? overall , i would highly recommend this film . with such a great interpretation on the screen , it would be nice to see this staged once again in the lort theatres . 
health neg 968.txt i bought this from qvc . it will do the trick for quick touch-ups - not close hair removal , but close enough . unfortunately , mine is barley operating anymore , even with a fresh battery . i 'm not sure why the motor seems to be dying . maybe the life of the trimmer is not that long . as a result , i think it would be better to buy a cheaper one since it should work just as well 
software pos 189.txt purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . she says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . if she 's happy with it , so am i 
software neg 72.txt i used easy creator 4 for years . bought new computers so bought easy creator 6. it will not work on 2 e-machines with xp . it wipes out cd rom drive so that it is unusable . i requested tech support 6 / 12 / 06. it 's 7 / 15 / 06 and i am still waiting . i uninstalled it . i found easy creator 5 platinum on amazon and ordered it . it works 
books neg 463.txt ed klein is really so desperate in his attack that he ca n't find any one person who will use their names in the attacks against hillary ! what a lot of misinformation and outright lies . to actually accuse marian wright edelman of using children for her own ends is short of criminal , and to insinuate that chelsea was the result of a rape , even though on the next page he discusses their fertility search to become pregnant , is disgusting . i should have known what to expect when the first two words in the book were monica lewinsky ! 
software neg 557.txt this product is nothing like the desktop version of the software . so limited in functions , you might as well have a paper map . 
books pos 387.txt i enjoyed this book , but then again i always enjoy sue miller 's novels.she has this way of making me feel close to her main characters . so anyway sue , is lottie ok ? has she found contentment in life ? please write me at babz@aol.com . i am about to read & quot ; the distinguished guest&quot ; - -i heard it was really great ! i 'll let you know . bar 
health pos 197.txt that 's the only way i can rate this product . if it taste great , then it gets a high rating from me 
camera pos 561.txt this product fits my camera perfectly and is not at all bulky . a great safeguard from falls and the velcro latch provides just enough security . 
health pos 874.txt a friend of mine used to meet me for lunch while boasting a beautiful & glowing face from a $50.00 facial she had just received . this product ( even after the 1st use ) produced the same results & i never had to leave my home . my skin always goes through hell during the winter months when its continually exposed to artificial heat . my skin feels & looks like i 've lost about 7 years time . i 'm very , very pleased with olay . i 've used their total effects lotion for years & i did purchase the regenerist serum to apply after using the kit . this is an excellent exfoliant & hands down , the best skin regenerating product i 've ever used 
camera pos 18.txt i have been using my sony cybershot dscn1 8.1mp for about a month now . it 's so easy to use . and , i love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . the only issue i have with it , is that i ca n't use the memory pro stick with my sony photo printer ( a 5 year old model ) , because the stick is not compatible . ps : do n't forget to buy a memory stick pro if you purchase this camera . you 're gonna need it . 
software neg 700.txt conceptually this is a great game , especially for a child with visions of being a vet . you ( can theoretically ) learn about animals , their care and health issues . those 2 stars for overall are basically for the concept and little else . unfortunately the general usability of this game , vis- -vis lousy controls , is quite low . it 's nearly impossible to move the character at times , which results in stressful failure in the game . it crashes . it ca n't remember simple settings like , leave the terribly loud and obnoxious music off . playing this multiple times with my 6 year old always goes from excitement to frustration ( bordering on tears more than once as a bunny gets woefully ill while your character is comically stuck bouncing between the sofa and ottoman ) . once going you can engage your child by " studying " the books you 've bought . also , as you analyze the patients you learn about ailments as well as the treatments . that is all good stuff , but on whole the game is too frustrating to enjoy . one final note , this is the first time i 've ever bothered to review any product . 
camera neg 998.txt this camcorder is terrible in just about every way : cons : - unacceptably blurry video ; the specs say it records at 640x480 , but it looks more like 320x240 ( if that ! ) blown up to vga . - noticeable aura around any dark shape on a lighter background . - awful light sensitivity ; forget about recording indoors- -no matter how brightly the room is lit , faces will come out too dark . the built-in led 's do n't help much ( and not at all at distances over 4 feet from the subject ) . - noisy zoom that gets picked up loud and clear by the microphone . - zooming goes in irregular steps- -completely useless while recording . - video lags noticeably behind camera movement ; when image stabilization is turned on , the lag becomes so atrocious that you ca n't tell when to stop panning- -utterly useless ! - when using av-in and av-out cables , the firmware has frozen on me a couple of times ; the only way to reset the camera was to remove the battery . - video encoding ( through the av-in cable ) produces an unacceptably noisy and undersaturated result . - the lcd display has a very narrow viewing angle ; anything more than about 10% and you ca n't make out a thing . - still photos taken at the native 5mp resolution come out strangely grainy and uneven- -something like a " sharpen " effect gone wrong . i can get better looking pictures with my 2mp canon powershot a40 camera . - the manual recommends keeping the camera motionless for 2-3 seconds after snapping a picture ( that 's on top of the 3-4 seconds it takes the thing to focus before it snaps ) ; but you ca n't keep the subject from moving , folks ! welcome to the psychedelic land of image trails.. . - flash photos come out with wildly different color balance depending on the color of the background . - the manual is a sorry affair- -only 17 pages long and does n't go much beyond identifying external controls and menu options . - i could go on and on , but i 'll stop now , as you probably get the picture.. . pros : - the camera body seems sturdily built ; the controls also have a sturdy feel to them , as do the battery and the usb port covers . hmm.. . it 's the only nice thing i can think to say about it . maybe a child ( think pre-teen ) could find this " camcorder " exciting as a toy , but i do n't see how it can be enough even for an undemanding person looking to capture occasional life 's moments on video 
health pos 175.txt the satinelle ice epilator does exactly what it is supposed to do : remove hair quickly and efficiently by the root . what an advantage ! hair does not reappear as quickly as it does shaving , and when it does , it is not the sharp stubble that happens with shaving . i do n't think it hurts much , though some spots may be a bit more sensitive than others . the trick then is to simply lift it up off of the skin and stop momentarily . i am very happy with this product 
music pos 443.txt a great sampling of one of top 10 musicians from the 20th century 
books neg 849.txt yuck . this book was totally boring . well , maybe you 'll like it if you 're , like , 7 or 8 years old or something . not only is it totally boring , but poorly written . which surprised me because ann m. martin is certainly not a bad writer ! i 'm really glad she left the bsc and started writing a new series about them . the bsc books are soo boring and childish . please - a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog runs loose for 2 seconds . do n't waste your time reading the bsc books . they are all pretty dumb 
books pos 966.txt this was the first vi warshawski book i ever read , and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more . i think paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into vi 's world , which is rich with unique characters . vi comes across as individualistic and principled , and i like how paretsky resisted clich temptation on several counts : the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book , and there is no & quot ; obligatory sex scene . &quot ; not that sex scenes do n't have their places , but i just hate it when i 'm reading along and i can almost hear the agent say , & quot ; okay , author , you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book . &quot ; in this story , vi is all business , which is a delightful change of pace 
books neg 197.txt each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband 
dvd pos 131.txt john waters is a very brilliant and odd film director . he brings camp , trash , filth , humor and morality to all of his movies , pushes peoples buttons , goes farther than most dare ( and then some ) isnt afraid of being censored and does what he does and to me thats brillance . true alot of people will think his work is tasteless stupid and gross but thats the whole point ! lol ! people who dont have a sense of humor or who are not open minded will not like his movies . these are not for right wing conservatives but they should see them ( especially a dirty shame ) to broaden their minds a little more . my personal favorites are pink flamingos , a dirty shame , female trouble , polyester and desperate living . serial mom is also a fav but not in this collection . he has come from underground trash to queen of filth , trash and crudeness and for not being afraid of being bold , outlandish , outspoken and bizzar , i applaud you john waters . brillant 
dvd neg 545.txt i saw tarzan the ape man on hbo or cinemax when i was a teenager and it is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it was stupid and had no plot 
health neg 958.txt i bought this pricey little bottle of lens dr. hoping that it could extend the life of my expensive glasses but what a mistake ! it did nothing but make it worse ! after i saw what it did to the lenses , i had to scrape and scrub to get it off ! i hope that no one else will waste their money on this worthless product . a big rip of 
software pos 224.txt this is a good package for backing up your pc . fairly intuitive , although it took me a couple tries to figure out what the software was doing so i could select the right stuff to backup . it uses good compression to minimize the amount of disk for your backup . the downside of that is you ca n't just select a file to restore , you must go through the restore process . you can select a single file , but it takes a bit of time . runs automatically and unobtrusively so it wo n't interfere with your current work . 
dvd neg 508.txt let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language 
music pos 184.txt this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music 
books neg 456.txt am i the only one who did n't get a complete book ? at first i noticed there was some poor editing - lots of typos . but then after page 180 , where page 181 should be ( sleep chapter ) , it goes back to page 117 ( discipline chapter that i already read ) . it continues to repeat pages 117 to 180 ( a whole 63 pages duplicated ! ) , then picks up again on page 245 in the middle of the school days chapter that i do n't have the beginning of . i 'm completely missing pages 181-245 ( 67 pages ) . other than that , good for a few laughs and a handful of ideas 
camera pos 200.txt this is the same charger came with my digital rebel , however , i like to charge two batteries at a time . so , i bought a second charger and place them side by side on the power strip . the prongs for the outlet fold over and into the back of the charger making the charger very compact , flat and easy to take along with you . it 's nice having a charger without long cords to fuss with . 
camera neg 990.txt decent camera , but not great . shark mode is nice . housing looks good , but mine leaked at ~20 ft...camera was dead by the time i got it out of the water . good news is that amazon processed the defective product return rapidly and credited my account in about a week . net result was one decent picture and a disappointing christmas present . next time i will buy a housing for a better camera . canon has some nice ones 
camera neg 972.txt i 'm giving this a 2 stars only because my daughter also had this camera on her wish list . if not i would of been upset having recieved the wrong camera that i ordered........ . 
dvd pos 769.txt robert ryan made a number of westerns during the 1950s and ' 60s , but always he seemed to be overshadowed by other actors in the genre . nevertheless , who can forget the wild bunch or his magnificent portrayal of " old man clanton " in the seriously underrated hour of the gun ( with james garner ) . and his self-effacing determination is equally unforgettable in the day of the outlaw . now one of his best roles , as the straight-arrow sheriff in the proud ones is on dvd and available at a very reasonable price . finally . the proud ones is perhaps director robert webb 's finest picture , combining great action scenes and plot twists , taught dialogue , and a superior cast that includes not only ryan , but jeffrey hunter , walter brennan , virginia mayo , and robert middleton . minor roles are given attention as well , especially arthur o'connell ( as ryan 's deputy ) and , important thematically , the wonderful paul burns , who plays the town drunk and panhandler....hunter , when he finally assumes the mantle of sheriff , will give alms to burns at the finish of the movie , just as ryan did at the beginning , when he was sheriff . this touch dramatically completes the movie and has much to say about hunter 's increased maturity . the proud ones is a superb movie , with a great story...it will repay re-viewing . unlike some westerns , i do n't tire of watching it periodically . it is that good.. . 
software pos 845.txt i am very pleased with the way this remote performs . i have my computer conected to my tv , and with this remote , i am able to control my computer from the living room , to watch tv , watch dvds that i have on my hard drives , and listen to music . beyond media , works great with the remote , and is very user friendly 
software pos 780.txt one of the best programs that i have to work with cd & dvd 
music neg 292.txt it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed ! 
health neg 293.txt i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair . 
dvd pos 395.txt the firms " super body sculpt " is a 40 mins , 3 parts workout which is broken up into upper body , lower body , and abs. each segment has its own warmup and cool down . it can be performed one segment at a time , or all together for a complete total body workout . the upper body flies by quickly with pushups , lat rows and french presses and biceps . the lower body section focuses a little too much on squats , and by the end of your last leg press exercise , there are more squats that will make you want to scream " enough " . i found the abs section too short and not enough emphasis on crunches , and too much on obliques . the stablization exercises are a great bonus to this dvd , and are my favourite . overall it is very well instructed . you can pyramid up the weights if you are strong enough , especcially during leg presses and squats . i usually do all three segments to get the full benefits i need , and this dvd is great as a beginners tool to a firm body 
health pos 929.txt this product perfrorms as expected , and very easy to clean with almost not maintenance . it also has an adjust dial for the humidity , which gives you some control . love the machin 
camera neg 32.txt i do video work and was attracted to the sale price and extra height of this particular tripod . come to find out , this model does not have a fluid head , meaning , if you do any panning with a camcorder , it wo n't be as smooth as you 'd probably like it to be . also , at the end of a pan the head tends to " unwind , " causing your panned image to back up a little ways . thus , i think it 's rather misleading to label this as a " photo / video " tripod . additionally , i do n't really care for the cheap feel of some of the plastic knobs and adjusters . finally , mine came with a few , very minor cosmetic blemishes , almost as if it were used . instead of video , i 'll be utilizing this one as a microphone mount . if you want to do video , please buy a tripod with a fluid head . you 'll love it , i guarantee that . that 's why i give this one 2 stars 
camera pos 718.txt first of all i would like to say that i was very reluctant to buy a sony camera . after doing a lot of research for my needs i ended up with canon 800is and sony 's new toy t100. ofcourse canon has the best overall ratings for ever but i wanted a stylish looking camera for my needs . sony t100 is the best looking camera i have seen . it 's features are awesome compared to it 's small size . you can take it everywhere . big bright screen on the back clearly visible in bright sunlight . it takes good indoor pictures too . i tried to play with its settings for while and thought that camera was not good . but then the best feature of the camera made it a winner for me . the auto mode takes great pictures and no need to set anything . sometimes changing auto iso helped to reduce the graniness but to be very honest if you are not going to blow the image to larger sizes ( which would be 99% of the time atleast for me ) it wo n't make difference . just point and shoot . you get a perfect image for viewing on computers . no complaints apart from optional docking station which costs about $80. 5x optical zoom is boon to me as 3x was merely zoom . also zomming while taking movies makes this a small camcoder with 640x480 30fps shooting . it does n't have touch screen like t50 and so it 's responsiveness is better . i would like it bit faster though . also camera takes pictures at very fast rate and the first picture you take is less than 2 secs . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone who can afford it . 
software neg 272.txt this is a very capable program that has too many nuances . for just a simple dvd burn it is far to complex . definitely for the advanced user , i am sorry that i spent the money 
software pos 578.txt i have used corel draw since it was draw 5 or 6 , i ca n't exactly recall for certain so i guess some would consider me a software guru . i have also used other top level design tools and can tell you the fact is the corel draw suite x3 is a robust design suite that has a very palatable learning curve . the scope of what you can do with the software is amazing so certainly there is a new set of words to add to one 's vocabulary however with terms like pick tool , rectangle tool , ellipse tool , and the like , i believe that it is pretty logical to get an idea of what the tools do just by allowing the mouse pointer to rest over the tool for about three seconds so the application can display the tool name and even the shortcut key to select the tool . the icons also give a pretty clear visual representation of what the tool will do e.g. a capital a is the text tool and guess what you do with it ... it allows you to add paragraph text , and artistic text . after you learn a bit about the text tool you also see that it allows you to place text in your document on a path . the text on a path is just that.. . text on any path in your document . this can be a freehand line , an ellipse , a circle , or any other shape you care to make . how many of you have ever wanted to put your text in an arch ? in corel draw you simply make an ellipse with the ellipse tool , choose the text tool from the tool box , move the mouse pointer over to the ellipse and the mouse cursor changes to the text on a path icon and you click the left mouse button . now you type whatever you want around the shape that you have created . if the text is not the size , color , font , or position you want you can change it , color it , or move it simply by selecting the pick tool . i have developed a program to teach technology skills to middle & high school students with various disabilities in 46 sites throughout oklahoma and the corel draw suite is the first software application the students use . do the students know how to do everything with the software after the first week , or fourth , or tenth ? no , but if it took a week to learn it would not be a design tool in would be something like print shop pro where almost everything is done for you and you just type in the text . there is nothing wrong with psp but if you want to truly be creative , if you want to have the ability to design anything that you can see in your minds eye , then the corel draw suite is the tool you want . my program has a website that shows some of the work the students in the program have created . just do a search for tech-now oklahoma high school high tech and you should be able to find the site . the section on weekly curriculum is a pretty good place to start but i encourage you to look around . almost everything you will see on the site was created by the students using the corel draw suite . corel draw is a program that can be used in a matter of minutes but is as deep as you can possibly want to go . 
books pos 190.txt the other reveiwers have it right . after studying more than 30 titles on the craft of writing , i can say that this is by far the most useful work on developing believable and well-rounded characters that i have seen to date . the information is timely , practical , and accessible . the examples are well-organized and perfectly suited to the material . the writer can take what he learns and put into practice immediately . excellent work 
camera pos 199.txt be careful when you use this lens because it does not have is ( image stabilizer ) so if you have shaky hands and the exposure is any more than 1 / 8 of a second you are going to going to get some blur . this is why the lens is so cheap . this is especially bad when you are at the far end spectrum of this lens . if you are really zoomed in and it 's cloudy then you should know to use a tripod just in case . this goes for any lens , but if you will be using the 300-mm end of this then use a tripod . it 's common sense , but i 've loaned out this lens and they complained to me afterwards 
software pos 297.txt i was a little leary about purchasing this product , having never tried anything like it before and being fairly new to the computer world . i was delighted to find how easily the toast 8 system worked for me . the owner 's manual is very specific , and while i am still discovering all the capabilities of this software , i have found it to be extremely useful . i recommend this product very highly 
music pos 710.txt forza eros ! may you live to make much more great music ! whether you understand italian or not , i heartily recommend this cd . in ogni senso lives up to its billing - it delights each and every one of the human senses , in all & quot ; sense&quot ; of the expression . this is a must-have for any true music lover 
software pos 343.txt this is actually a review for more than one product ( pimsleur and rosetta stone ) if you are willing to spend 1-2 years learning a foreign language but have limited time ( weekly ) , lack the ability to immerse yourself in that culture for 1 year ( the best way to learn the language ) , ca n't attend classes , can expend some budget , and want the process to be challenging yet fun , here 's how to do it : 1. buy a good english-foreign language dictionary . 2. get the pimsleur course for that language . ( check ebay for used copies ) 3. buy the rosetta stone program for that language . ( costly . try the online monthly subscription option if your budget is tight . ) 4. get a basic grammar language book ( barron 's highly recommended ) putting it all together . 1. listen to the pimsleur program during your daily commute-1 lesson per day . ( take the weekend off ) do not go to the next lesson until you have a 80% recall of the material . there is no need to be at 100% recall before going to the next lesson . ( trust me on this on-avoid my pain ) using this method , you can get through all pimsleur lessons ( levels i-iii ) in 1 year . the focus of pimsleur is speaking skills . 2. at the same time , use the rosetta stone lessons on the weekend , with one 30 minute to 1 hour session . go through the guided exercise followed by the test . there is no need to go through every lesson ( type ) for each program . after you buy the product , you 'll know what i 'm talking about . the focus of rosetta stone is listening skills . 3. review the basic grammar of the language as you go through the 2 above . 4. contrary to what pimsleur says , look up any words for spelling , and likewise , for rosetta stone , look up any words for definition you do n't understand . bottomline : despite what they advertise , these are not stand-alone programs . also the secret to recall is anticipation , meaning an 80% success rate for pimsleur is ok and 70% success rate for rosetta stone is okay before moving to the next lesson . you do n't get any extra points for making 100% and this effort can be counter-productive ( burn out , boredom , and frustration before finishing the lessons . ) your goal should be to get through all of the programs and lessons and the experience should be challenging and fun . afterwards , you can take your trip to that country for the total immersion experience , and after the first 2 weeks , you 'll see how well spent your time was with the programs . note : i 've used the japanese , german , and korean pimsleur courses , and rosetta stone german and japanese programs . i 've also spent extensive time in all 3 of those countries . learn from my mistakes . good luck and have fun . 
books neg 725.txt i bought this book and also last night based upon the gushing reviews you see above . who are they kidding ? the main character is a cad . it is far from " a tour de force " in erotic anything . his short stories in last night are only marginally better . your time is better spent with other authors 
dvd neg 723.txt i was surprised that so many people childishly attacked the person who gave this movie one-star . someone even accused them of not being young at heart . well , i do n't like this film , and i 'm young at heart ; i 'm just not immature , so try not to confuse the two . some of you need to check your spelling before accusing someone else of bad writing . having said that , on to the film : julie and friends are simply dying to be included in the in-crowd their first year of high school , so on the night julie has a sleepover , they make a deal with some rival girls to go on a " scavenger " hunt , which is basically one huge dare game . the group that fulfills the dares first get to be popular by.. . ( drumroll , please ) sitting at the popular lunch spot . that is , a picnic bench by the school fountain . that 's right ; popularity is not guaranteed by who you sit with , but where you sit . pick the right spot , and you may just magically become queen bee for the rest of the year . in case you could n't tell by my sarcasm , the shallow impracticality of this film truly bugs me at times . we all know the whole popularity thing is practically a tradition for teen chick-flicks , but this film tended to go over the top with a lot of it . granted , a lot of the exaggerated silliness worked for the film ; in fact , the movie 's beginning surprised me with many clever and well-written clips . however , there is such a thing as going too far . the movie becomes absolutely dedicated to making teen girls look like sassy but fashionably ingenuis bimbos and making teen boys look like...well , the dumbest , scruffiest beings that ever stumbled on the planet . not that all the boys are like this , mind you ; there are a few of the god-like types that the girls practically kill themselves for . it got worse , however , when the film attempted to fit in a few serious scenes . if the movie had stuck to pure sarcastic silliness the whole time , it might 've worked . instead , the few attempts to be serious usually fell flat on their faces because the seriousness went in the wrong direction . for example , there was the nauseating scene where poor beaten julie nearly gives up her scavenger hunt and one of her friends says , " julie , i know you can do this ; i believe in you " in a tone which implies that they 're talking about a major life crisis instead of a juvenile daredevil game . the worst " serious " scene , however , is when julie attempts to get into a dance ( therefore fulfilling the final dare ) and the ticket seller wo n't let her in because she does n't have a ticket . suddenly inspired , julie gives the ticket seller a sickening " i know who you are " speech , telling her that she knows she was a nerd her whole high school life and that now , because of her former nerdiness , she 's become a poor ticket seller . julie ends her speech by wailing , " i can see myself being you in four years if i do n't go to this dance ! " the ticket seller leaps to her feet but , instead of punching julie , suddenly breaks into a smile and says , " go ahead and go in ! " um , what ? ? whatever happened to the girls finding out that popularity is n't everything after all and actually getting lives and acting like humans ? ( not to mention that nice sock in the mouth i was hoping julie would get ) . is this what we want to teach our kids , that being dedicated to work makes them nerds and that partying all the time will get them somewhere in life ? i personally think the " nerds " are far better off than the girls who lose their virginity on the first date and party all year rather than learn anything . it was this scene and this message that seriously lowered the film in my opinion . i 'm not sure why the filmmakers decided to end the film with this childish message . maybe they did it on a dare because the popular filmmakers finally offered them a cool lunch spot in exchange . i recommend " never been kissed " and " mean girls " far more than this film ; they have good moral lessons as well as intelligent humor . oh , before i finish , here 's one more valuable lesson from this film : girls , if you want to win a guy who 's never noticed you , all you have to do is strike a cool pose , hop on a skateboard , and ride it directly in front of his car . ( do n't forget to wear an expensive dress and look flawless while you 're at it ) . do this , and he will be so in love with you that he wo n't even care if you tell him that you did something freakish like stealing his underwear . the things we learn from movies , huh ? 
software neg 35.txt i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly 
books neg 855.txt while this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot , the mistakes are inexcusable . many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data . therefore , one begins to lose trust in the information presented . be careful if you use this book 
dvd pos 671.txt wow , how nice to watch sam cooke 's story from beginning to end . interviews with the family adds a wealth of inside information . i never knew sam 's father was a chicago minister and of course sam was the younger one who surprised the family when he first sang ! unfortunate for music that his life was taken so early . after watching this dvd , i bought sam cooke music and surpised that some songs are songs i had no idea sam wrote 
dvd neg 334.txt i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the " size 2 women " in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film " sleek and beautiful . " i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers " get " that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. . 
books pos 735.txt although this book is only 20 pages long , it contains helpful information about the concept of fair trade . americans have so much , and it is hard for us to imagine the degree of poverty in other third-world countries . rose ericson begins to introduce the subject of what fair trade means to these nations . to us it is only a $1 sometimes , but that $1 in a poor nation can supply food for a day to an entire family . in our hurry to accumulate material goods , we must be careful to not take advantage of the artisans and producers of these third-world nations . fair trade is a concept whose time has come 
health neg 203.txt this pitcher is designed so that when you try to empty it - - pour out all the water - - the filter comes crashing out ! it 's top-heavy . i much prefer my dispenser that lives in the fridge . it may be clumsy to refill - - which is why i thought i 'd try a pitcher - - but it 's extremely easy to use 
software neg 730.txt okay.. . so i 'm not as astute in the technical aspects of software as some reviewers , but i can say that my experience with this software is absolutely terrible . first off , it is built to integrate with outlook , but does n't really . it always leaves one e-mail in your outbox ( the one you posted first ) . if you open your outbox before they send , then the one you posted most recently wo n't send either . seriously , the only way i have been dealing with this is that i have left a dead e-mail in the box permanently . if i need to change something that has been posted to the outbox , i have to open it , then get out of the outbox , change it , and repost it , otherwise it wo n't send - - ever . i have set nis so that it does n't scan my outgoing e-mail , as it blocks anything over 2mb , and in my business , i send things that big all the time . in a recent update , however , it has reinstated that and now scans all of my outgoing e-mail whether it is set to or not . i spent hours and hours on the phone with ( supposed ) technicians , who refused to answer any questions unless i disabled my whole network . what that has to do with this program , i do n't know . i tried the " live internet chat " function , but - - and i kid you not - - it took almost two hours for me to get ten responses from the guy . when i complained , he hung up on me . gotta love that . when i tell nis that something it has categorised as spam " is n't spam " , it does n't remember the sender 's e-mail address , like it is supposed to . it just keeps calling it spam and quarantining it . regarding spyware , i have another piece of anti-spyware software called webroot spy sweeper , that routinely finds spyware on my computer that nis did n't catch . this has just been one headache after another . their customer service was unresponsive and totally unhelpful , with not one actual solution to any of these problems . the only piece of software i have ever bought that was anywhere close to as bad as this is winfax 10 , another norton product . i will never , ever buy another piece of norton / symantec software again as long as i live . they should be ashamed of themselves 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
dvd neg 591.txt as has been noted , this formula has been filmed several times , most recently as " you 've got mail " , with tom hanks and meg " trout pout " ryan . of the several versions , " in the good old summertime " is my least favorite . the problem i think is that the studio coasted on the stars charisma , which does n't quite cut it here . the chemistry betwixt the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie . there are no real sparks . van johnson and judy garland remind me of day old donuts , pleasant but stale . and when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow . judy in particular is disappointing . she looks like she has no neck ! i do n't know if she was having trouble with pain or something but she looks like a turtle trying to pull it 's head into it 's shell , all hunched up and everything . i could n't figure out what van johnson was getting so hot about . i would have made a bee line for that cute violin player . and van was n't great either . i 've always thought of him as a rather generic hollywood leading man and he does n't do anything to dispel that image here . if you 're a fan of the stars or the early 1900 's then you might like this movie . but there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there , and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection 
music neg 168.txt dull and uninspiring , listening to this cd i could n't see what distinguished the doves from the other insipid sound-a-like bands that plague the modern music scene . if you like the white stripes , franz ferdinand , arctic monkeys , the killers then be grateful that they 've saved rock music from boring dross like this 
software pos 135.txt i have fireworks , corel paint , and now cs2 to choose from . perhaps it 's my familiarity with photoshop that makes me so partial to it , but i feel it 's the best imagery software on the market . i upgraded to this from ps7 , so i missed out on cs , but from what i can tell , this is the smoothest-running version yet . i 've not encountered any problems with system or support.. . i guess everyone 's experience is different . but this is great software , and the vanishing point feature is just brilliant 
camera pos 675.txt this is my third digital camera and by far my favorite . i purchased after having a very versatile but large ( well large in the dimensions of digital cameras ) digital camera . i needed and wanted a camera that i could easily carry w / me at all times . this is perfect . the fugi z1 fits easily into your pocket or a small case for easy access . just do n't put anything else in that pocket ! the one time i forget and did this i noticed a large scratch on the silver portion of the camera . as with all digital cameras this one takes much better pictures in good lighting . i have found , however , that this tiny camera has an excellent flash so i am still able to get good interior shots if i am willing to blind people ( or my cats ) for a few seconds . the camera comes w / a docking station that i have found very useless for uploading pictures but you have to use it to charge the camera . i tend to just use a usb cable direct to the computer or a really cheap usb card reader that i can attach directly to my computers usb port . i took this camera to japan and it was great . i only had one day where i ran out of battery power but that was my own fault . this is a highly recommended camera by me 
software pos 436.txt great product . takes some thought , but once you learn it , its great 
music neg 474.txt my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy 's balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself " well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends " . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n't freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m 's balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n't mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n't mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n't mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it 's going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n't really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that 's not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n't even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n't help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows . 
music pos 148.txt having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos 
camera neg 993.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 912.txt two of the greatest names in show business at their zenith . there are so many good tracks on this set that it 's hard to pick out some over the others . a couple of superb standouts are jolson 's " swanee " and " rock-a-bye , " although every track is just excellent . the sound quality on the set is outstandingly great . i hope the people that put this set together will do the same incredible job with other classic recordings by jolson and crosby 
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy 
camera pos 633.txt this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right . 
health neg 700.txt i ordered the regular size , they were to big , the smaller size ? too small . neither one fit well but both did one thing well , hurt the area under my eyes . buyer beware 
software pos 357.txt i have had this only a couple of days and have learned it quickly thanks to the training cd that is included with the program . very easy to learn . great item . 3 / 23 / 07 , i have used this program every day and must say i love it . i have used other photo editing software and did not like them much . this is so easy to use , the training cd gets you started and after compleing it ( 7 chapters ) you are ready to fix all the photos you like but are over or under exposed . a powerful program . you can look like a pro using this . 10 stars if i could 
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving ! 
music neg 321.txt i can understand that robin felt a need to include some of the biggest bee gees hits to appease the fans , but the ones that were sung by barry are below wretched here . robin frequently disappears in the sound mix , becoming little more than one of a group singing harmony . that 's fine for a group concert , like the bee gees , but inexcusable for a solo effort . his stiff between song talk sounds like a bad lounge act . they should have kept this in the can . it seems like it is meant as little more than a money grab for robin . do n't do him the favor 
health pos 542.txt i bought this to try it out based on a friend 's recommendation . previously i 'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog 's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach . now i only need one towel and it dries like you 'd never believe . i have a 65 pound dog that loves the water . i make him shake the water off himself ( a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big ) then i towel him dry in less than a minute . i now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone i know with a dog that gets wet . we live in seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water , but we have rainy winters . having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well . i ca n't speak enough praise about this towel . though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting , believe me when i tell you this is worth it . you 'll end up buying two 
music pos 584.txt really enjoyed hearing all of them again . there is some great talent on here . i hope they all get their own opportunities ! i do think in some cases there are some better songs to show off these great singers voices . 
health neg 443.txt the pins for the curlers are awkward and hard to use . i do n't like them 
software neg 687.txt i excitedly upgraded to office 2007.... '07 outlook is far slower - ties my reasonably powerful machine up in knots ( 110% of resources ) for minutes at a time inexplicably ; spell ck does n't work consistently ; html emails have lost functionality i used to use often with 2003 ver ; excel opens much more slowly ; no real gains in excel fuctionality ; various add-ins essential to my biz no longer work in excel 2007 ; access 2007 was billed as much easier to use - false ; word has a couple of improvements but messes up spell ck with outlook if you keep both word 2003 & 2007 on yr machine ; the highly touted " ribbon " is mainly cosmetic ; i believe 2007 's indexing is at the heart of some of sluggisness which might be ok if it worked..but it retruns strange results....net , net , i am uninstalling office 2007 and going back to 2003 with all its stupid faults....it 's too bad no one at msft actually uses thier products to realize how defective they are . 
camera neg 767.txt in the past , i have considered amazon to be one of the better and more reliable online shopping websites . to be perfectly honest , i am no longer sure . two months ago , i bought this camera set from 47th st photo that was being sold on amazon . this camera set was called the 1 gb stylus 720 sw kit . ironically , the case did not fit the camera and the card reader did not even support 1 gb cards ! my first thought was that 47th st photo made an oversight with the accessories . two weeks after receiving the kit , i emailed 47th st photo to inform them of the mistake . after waiting a few weeks for a response , i decided to send them a second email . again , no response . by this point , i felt helpless and turned to amazon for aid . surprisingly , amazon was not much better than 47th st photo . minutes after sending the email to amazon , i received an automatic email informing me that amazon had received my email . that was the last i heard from amazon . more than two months have passed and i have not heard from either company 
software pos 301.txt this world renown editor is the best when it comes to editing and managing your digital photo 
dvd neg 827.txt the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so.. . no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right . analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time . so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again 
health neg 514.txt i agree with the other reviews . it was a huge disappointment that it did n't heat the water . it is only supposed to maintain the temperature , but after using it for about 20 minutes , it did n't even do that . the manual rollers hurt my feet and it sloshes water around and spills it when you move your feet back and forth . back to the store indeed 
camera pos 821.txt the product was easy to use and accurate . it is also a great buy 
music pos 400.txt this is a good collection , 15 of supertramp 's best songs and the best single-disc collection of theirs you will find . the sound is great and there are no filler songs , here , they 're all great to listen to . highly recommended 
music neg 913.txt denis leary 's whole act is stolen from bill hicks nearly word for word . save your money and search amazon for bill hicks 
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed . 
software neg 579.txt i was extremely disappointed in this " upgrade " . i had roxio 's easy cd creator 5 and loved it . that product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . almost everything was intuitive . creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . so they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? the base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . arranging music is not as easy as it was before . and the insert creator is so frustrating to use i do n't bother . in fact , i have continued to use creator 5 and have simply written off the fact i paid $100 for creator 7 - for nothing ! now , with a computer upgrade , creator 5 no longer works . i do n't dare try another roxio product ( just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money ) . i 'll be taking my chances on anything else . . . not roxio 
books pos 211.txt when one begins to despair about the quality ( or lack thereof ) of the modern novel you come across a gem which dispels that despair for the time being . not only is this one a gem but also it is something much more and being just over 240 pages one that i finished all too quickly . i could not get enough of it . the narrator and main character of the novel is a mr. stevens who is the butler of a mansion where he heads a considerable compliment of staff to keep it running smoothly . his employer , a lord darlington , is doing what he can to alleviate some of the supposed harsher terms of the versailles treaty and realizes too late that he was being used as a pawn by the germans . and what did mr. stevens think of this ? he did n't , he maintains that wondering about what was happening would have interfered with his running of the estate . there is also the head housekeeper that he buts heads with a few times and also a few other instances which makes one wonder if she has something other that a professional interest in mr. stevens . you 'll have to read the book if you want to know more . i read mainly victorian literature simply because they are well written and what passes for a novel nowadays usually is not . if you get this book you will not be sorry . 
books pos 751.txt the opening of the mauritius command brings us some changes , especially for captain jack aubrey , who finds himself in the improbable role ( for him ) of husband and father of twins . unsuccessful and hapless in his domestic life , he immediately jumps at the chance to leave england and take over a new command . off the coast of africa , jack is promoted to commodore , putting him in command not just of his own ship but of a small fleet . in the course of the book , jack stretches his abilities to the fullest as the british vie with the french for possession of several small islands crucial to controlling the india trade . of course , dr. stephen maturin is on hand too . his facets as doctor , naturalist , and spy all come into play in the course of the novel . the previous novel , h.m.s. surprise , involved incredible physical suffering , loss , and rejection for stephen so it was nice to see him get a break in this installment . however , stephen is still haunted by what has happened to him . a dark current runs through him that no doubt will resurface in future books . the overriding issue explored in this novel is leadership and what it means to be a good leader . jack has to deal with two very different captains serving under him , one of whom is a silly and vain man who is kind and familiar with his men and thus beloved by them . the other is a brave commander who exercises brutal tyranny with those under his rule . the weaknesses of both men lead to very different disasters . in spite of the battles and some serious turns of event , the mauritius command involves more action and comedy and less angst than h.m.s. surprise , making it a lighter read . 
camera neg 705.txt quite unsatisfied with this product and will be returning the 2 i purchased as gifts . in fact , the recipients asked me to return them . main reason , in order for it to be " portable " it requires a special battery that you can only buy from the manufacturer for an additional $30. i already spent $100 , not planning on spending more money . i think photoco needs to rethink their product and improve customer satisfaction . 
health neg 976.txt first of all , the battery that was supposed to be enclosed was not . when i bought a 9 volt battery and installed it , it would not stay attached when putting it back in the battery compartment . finally , i got a read out , and entered my height and age . then i stood on the scale and got nothing - no weight , no body fat , nothing , but the word error , at which point i boxed it up and sent it back for a refund 
dvd pos 48.txt i ca n't wait to see the original film again . i remember seeing the lemmings plunging into the sea . thus was born the inspiration for the great pc game , lemmings . yes , i know that the lemmings were ' manipulated ' into suicide . nevertheless i love this movie . i hope that they do n't cut the lemming sequence . disney has promised a full restoration . other animals that left a strong impression on me were the musk oxen in a circle being blasted with an arctic blizzard . the hardships of an arctic existence were beautifully photographed 
dvd neg 281.txt all of us have a dark side . unfortunately auto focus focuses on this small subset of actor bob crane 's life and expands it out of proportion . in doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of crane 's life and career as window dressing . even the screenplay is , at best , an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of bob crane and john h . carpernter - - since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect . in viewing this film i knew that it would involve some of crane 's extracurricular activities . my interest in the film was as a hogan 's heroes fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series . bob crane 's professional credits alone would make for a good film . auto focus unfortunately revolves around crane 's so-called " secret life " and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd . facts are facts and there are established truths about bob crane 's private life . auto focus , however , should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine . you are better off spending your time and money buying the dvd releases of the hogan 's heroes television series . 
dvd pos 379.txt this movie is great . i just bought it the other day and rushed home to watch it . i throughly enjoyed it entirely , i believe it kind of relates to fatal attraction 
camera neg 555.txt horrible camera . barely had it 2 months before it went on the fritz.drained the batteries within a few pictures.so not worth more then the cost of a disposable ! ! sorry kodak...but i 'll stick with the good ol ' reliable sony 
dvd neg 812.txt i agree that this is technically an excellent film . but it is also unrelentingly grim and without a payoff of any kind . given the lowlifes who inhabit this story its hard not to sympathize a bit with richard widmark 's character . his enthusiasm is as boundless as his optimism . but in the end he does n't just lose ; he is literally thrown away as garbage . and then there is the wrestling scene which was so gruesome it was hard to take . all in all , i was left with the question , what is the point ? the commentary leaves a lot to be desired as well . its basicly a description of what you 're watching , while you 're watching it . i see everyone regards this as a masterpiece so i 'll watch it again but as film noir goes there is something very unsatisfying about this movie . 
books pos 858.txt wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person 
dvd neg 260.txt i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents , considering that it was aimed at children . it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance . while no stripping happened , there was n't much other difference in the style of dance . later in the movie , one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see . he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he does n't have her , and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire . regardless of the rest of the movie , these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children . not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel , which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one . 
music pos 987.txt good stuff ! an excellent collection of original and classic gypsy jazz tunes , artfully performed by jorgenson . i recommend it as an introduction to the virtuosity of john jorgenson and the genius of django reinhardt 
books pos 628.txt i just got through reading " harvey penick 's little red book " . i enjoyed it so much that i had to apologize about my delay in submitting a positive comment on the seller 's feedback page . but the book was that enjoyable ! i read the book because i was told it is a good example in marketing and business management ideals . i do n't even play golf ! i was able to apply harvey penick 's words to attitudes and approaches to life though ! he not only teaches what he has learned about golf during his long rich life , but he also teaches a philosophy in how to live one 's life . his methods of evaluating the actions of his students and sharing what he has learned in an effort to improve thier lives is obvious to me . he refuses to use negative impressions in his teachings . instead , he accentuates the positive . he educates by guiding his students instead of " teaching " them . i love his ability to teach with images , parables and metaphors . his chapter " first things first " about the golfer who wanted to get out of sand traps is great ! after all , the problem is not always what you think . i challenge anyone to read " harvey penick 's little red book " and share with me how they can apply his knowledge to thier business and personal lives . whether you play golf or not , this book is good reading 
software pos 498.txt i have had all the anti virus programs and zone alarm works best . e . fiel 
software pos 166.txt this package is very complete and easy to use . took just a few minutes to be drawing house layouts , et . a lot of the tools are intuitive and simple 
health neg 422.txt before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . i have a number of older cross pens that say " usa " near the top , and they are great pens . however , i have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . the top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . the first one i got , i sent it back to cross for warranty repair under their " lifetime guarantee , " only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a " handling fee " attached . i was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . so later on when some new colors came out , i bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect . my advice : if you want a good cross pen , go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in usa . they are n't making them the same anymore . 
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible 
music neg 620.txt i first heard the song on the radio en route to work . i enjoyed it immensely and wanted to know who did the remake . no doubt 's redo of the 80 's hit brought back good memories of the new wave era . but , of course , it does not compare to the original talk talk version 
health pos 128.txt this is a great barber-style setup.. . it comes with a lot of guides and has a little case . they even give you a garbage bag . good dea 
software pos 973.txt i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. . 
dvd pos 112.txt ( 4.5 / 5 stars ) exceptional envisioning of the batman comic book by tim burton . michael keaton brings an understated disaffection in the role of the billionaire with a disturbed soul and dual personality . contrast this with the unbridled mania of the character in " batman begins ; " both are equally effective , though one style over the other will likely appeal to you . is there any topping jack nicholson in his role as jack napier / the joker ? only he can pull off such an exaggerated performance and have it be so fun without ruining a movie . even though his role is suitably funny , there is a little too much humor overall in the movie . robert wuhl 's character is especially unnecessarily comical . also , while danny elfman 's score is duly heroic and compelling , the music by prince just does n't mesh well and is probably not the best choice . nonetheless , the visuals are stunning , the action is taut and the film vastly entertaining . it is a testament to the film 's influence that numerous comic book movies have subsequently used danny elman scores ( including rival marvel 's " spider-man " ) and molded black rubber suits , though this film also owes much to 1978 's " superman " with its realistic approach and a-list villains . great stuff . 
software pos 383.txt the content gives you 40 years of comic reading for a fraction of the price . however , some of the years ca n't be opened . tried contacting the seller but to no avail . : 
health neg 558.txt i had a good massaging heating pad that was great , and i used it on my legs a lot . , thought i could replace it . this one is not even in the ballpark . absolutely useless , i have been had 
music neg 16.txt " maiden voyage " appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams ' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis ' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock 's earlier and more accessible albums " takin ' off " and " my point of view , " this album may be a bit of a letdown 
software pos 499.txt this is what you need if you want a suite of protection for you pc . i 've used mcafee . it drove me nuts . i 've used norton . also drove me nuts . zonealarm worked nearly flawlessly ( as well as windows can . ) it is a very stable and intuitive program that is what i have been looking for . all i can is that you should buy this and get rid of whatever you 're using now , especially if it 's mcafee or norton . just a sidenote : i run avg free antivirus alongside this and i also ran it alongside norton and mcafee . avg would catch things that neither norton nor mcafee would . never have had that problem with zonealarm 
dvd neg 898.txt clearly this movie was never intended as high art , or even a zombie gore fest , although hyped as such , so it ` s probably a bit unfair and easy to take shots at it , however i think it fails on it own terms . *** many spoilers to follow *** stop here if you plan to view the entire film . the premise : a group of stupid eco terrorists raid a research facility in london , even though warned by a researcher , release some highly agitated but otherwise normal looking chimps who then attack and infect them with a fast acting ( within seconds ) virus that transforms them into insane , red-eyed murderous really fast creatures who attack and infect other normal humans through bites and even scratches . one drop of their saliva or blood can infect you . the plague is let lose ... the hero : cut to a skinny kid of about 110 pounds with a dopey beard laying naked on a hospital bed , it ` s 28 days later and he wakes up , but no one 's there . he then wanders around an empty london , in hospital scrubs , looking confused , yelling " hello ! ! " , " hello ! ! " there are no bodies outside , and nothing that looks like the remains of one . there are almost 15 million people in metropolitan london . where did they go i asked myself ? the supporting cast : he then wanders into a church , and finds it full of what looks like sleeping people , he yells " hello ! ! " at which time some start screaming and rush at him , in the close-up it ` s clear they have turned and he slugs the creature-priest thing with his bag of coke cans . he gets out , more stuff happens , eventually he meets smart and tough selena ( naomie harris ) armed with a matchete and mark ( noah huntley ) , armed with a steel bar , who have avoided infection and explain the situation to the dim whitted hero , who turns out to be a bicycle messager boy who lives with mum and dad . seems the creatures come out mostly at night . mostly . hero insists on going home , mark & selena tag along . we find his very middle class mum & dad peacefully dead in bed from an overdose of booze and pills . guess they could not live in a world without telly.. . more talk and moaning and tears from hero who very unwisely lights a candle at night which naturally draws an attack by some nasties , more fighting , bad guys are killed by selena and mark while hero cowers on floor . mark gets infected , denies it , but is chopped by selena who " can see it in his eyes " . damm girl ! if i ` m ever in a zombie movie i want you along ! day 2 comes , the pair then wander aimlessly though london chatting away about everything but how to deal with the threat and survival and at this point i start thinking ; wouldn ` t it be a good idea to get some guns ? preferably full auto , with a lot of ammo . i mean , although the creatures are fast , they are stupid , don ` t run in packs and make a lot of noise and can be killed and stay dead . police stations and military bases are all over london , probably deserted , and filled with guns....but this doesn ` t seem to occur to our wandering charactors who trust to a baseball bat & machette which you must get close to use....emmmm . i start squirming a bit in the seat , and for the first time look at my watch , but it ` s still kind of ok . so far , it ` s still a tight , well made interesting film , with the bloody action well filmed and important to the story line , and mostly believeable in it ` s own low buget post apocolypitcal setting with taut dialoge that holds my interest . maybe there a reason the hero is cast as stupid , or will he grow and learn through experience ? , maybe , but it better be soon because we are almost 30 minitues into the film , and it ` s getting real hard to identify with him . or care . the suporting cast 2 : night falls . our pair see flashing lights on the top of a high rise , much action ensues , they find more survivors , just a average working type dad taxi driver and his young daughter . more talk , seems they are out of water and there is a radio broadcast giving direction to go north where the army ( who usually have guns ) has set up a secure area . works for me . after some debate on whether it better to stay where they are , isolated , in fact trapped on top of a building , with no water or power or food or real weapons until overrun by zombies , or travel north to safety , in daylight and safety ( remember , the monsters don ` t operate in daylight ) this group of dopes reluctantaly decide to go north , in a taxi , with no guns. . ( remember rule # 3 of zombie films : gun are good ) ..and at this point in time this heretofore good film starts to move rapidly downhill in believablity . the journey of the dumb : piling into dad ` s hack , loaded with junk as if going on a brighton holiday , with all , even tough selena giggling and laughing , off they go . when faced with the choice of driving through a dark tunnel , where it is obvious that they could be trapped and killed , or another safer route , they naturally chose the tunnel . stuff happens . stopping to get gas , the hero wanders alone into a dark , confined space for no real reason , armed only with a baseball bat . more stuff happens . stopping for the night , they decide that a picturesque , open field with a few low stones is a great spot and preceed to ......you guessed it ! start a really big fire and go to sleep with no one on guard . i ` m not making this up folks. . ! ! nothing happens . however they do get to see a family of white and black horses running free , and it ` s clear that we are no longer watching a horror / action film , with some internal logic but a trite " message film " . they reach the army blockade , but no one is there , in spite of dead everywhere , they proceed to split up and wander around this perfect ambush site for a look see . more stuff happens . after this , the stupid illogical stuff comes fast so this is a good stopping point . at the end we learn from the crazy and sadistic army major ( aren ` t they all though ) that the goon ` s can ` t farm or feed and will likely starve because of it . think about that one . we also learn that the virus is contact borne , not airborne , think hard about that one dudes ! since it started in one local it ` s very unlikly to have spread thoughout england in 28 days....big plot holes , dumb ending , 110 pound stupid hero becomes arnold the terminator in 10 mintues . girls decide it ` s far better to die a gruesom death then put out and lose their honor to what looks like a bunch of boy scouts in cammos , who are their only protection.. . really dumb stuff after an excellent start . sad....this was a really superior film for the first 20 mintues . 
camera neg 754.txt the roll of paper that i recieved had what appeares to be 3 roller marks down the paper . i am trying to get it replaced but adorama is not willing to help out because the order is more then 14 days old . i was not informed to inspect the product on arrival to insure a 14 day turn aroundf on issues . 
camera pos 912.txt this is my first digital picture frame , so i do not have anything to compare it against . i am generally very happy with this product - it is very easy to use , and i am happy with the resolution and the picture quality . the only downside to this frame is that the instruction manual is not helpful at all , and as one other reviewer noted , i had to learn how to do things by trial and error . i also do not like that when you make changes to the layout - rotating or deleting images , it is not " saved " to the memory card and so you need to make the changes each time . however , i like this product enough to buy more of these for the grandparents this next christmas 
camera neg 883.txt i loved this camera when i got it . but after three months the lens would not close . it makes grinding noises , the canon logo pops up on the screen then shuts off again . i am very disappointed in this camera 
health neg 880.txt my girls bought this for their step dad for his birthday . he wo n't even listen to it any more because he has to reset the station every time he turns it on . we can never find the station we like without having another radio on to find it . the main reason he quit listening is because after i spent time trying to set the station in the morning , during his shower the station would automatically change to another one , give me a break ! this is a worthless radio , it does n't even deserve 1 star 
software pos 872.txt excellent product . the ' over $450 value ' might be a bit overstated but the packages is still an excellent value . during installation , the 1 year free trial to [...] showed up as a 30 day trial but was resolved quickly through familytreemaker.com support and a subsequent call to ancestry.com support . ancestry.com provided a 1 year free trial to their us deluxe product over the phone and did n't ask for a credit card number for renewal . to me , that 's a sign that they 're a reputable company . some of the additional software in the package is buried on the installation cd but is worth the extra manual effort to find and install - especially the gensmart software . 
health pos 235.txt i love this item . i received it as a gift and now use it every single day . my hair dries so much faster after having been wrapped up in this . that 's great b / c now i do not have to blow dry as much , so my hair seems to be getting a lot healthier . only complaint would be that it does not stay wrapped very well . not sure if it 's the material or the size , but nonetheless , it still works great . 
books pos 104.txt i read this book several months ago , and i still ca n't shake the feeling of having read a very , very good book . the effect of yourcenar 's words still lingers . the text is an imagined valedictory letter or speech from emperor hadrian to his successor . the emperor himself is dying , and faces a world that he is about to leave behind . he recalls his life , from being a young boy in his native spain , to his ascension to the highest public post imaginable , that of emperor of rome . just as his professional career was incredible , so is the generosity and candidness of his " confession " . there is seemingly no secret nook left untouched from his personal life . in the end , having cast that final weight , his conscience , from off his shoulders , the emperor is at last able to turn away from one world and face another - that of the gods . 
dvd neg 436.txt i grew up watching sesame street and truly love the muppets . however , i have to say this video was not what i expected . there were some great vintage clips , but not enough muppets / monsters for me . this video seemed hastily thrown together with bad editing . i would recommend you pass on this one and get " 123 count with me " instead . 
camera neg 970.txt i bought the 2700 easy share camera and printer dock . money thrown away ! ! the camera does n't take quality pictures in my opinion and the printer was junk , also in my opinion . it truly is junk now as i got so frustrated with it , i threw it on the floor and smashed it . not kidding ! when i first got it , i called kodak and they told my son ( who is knowledgeable in this stuff ) how to reset the printer . we reset it and it worked for awhile . then it would n't work any more and i did away with it . no more kodak for me and my son bought a different brand after he saw how mine worked 
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs 
software pos 78.txt i am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . my friends and family that i have made cards for think they are the best also . keep making more and more . thank 
books pos 405.txt this is the best reference i 've seen for it interviews . i 've seen many of these questions at interviews and at one it appeared they had pulled questions from the book . the technology specific questions are excellent 
books neg 426.txt it starts out like laura bush 's rules for driving , but skydives after the opening pages , in which the then 17-year-old laura kills a young man with her car , who just coincidentally happens to be her boyfriend ! my interest in the book sharply dove after that , as it appears that coincidental killing is the most appealing thing about laura bush 
dvd pos 142.txt i loved the first one and i think , with the logic and plot of the first one , this follows through . we knew they changed the world , and in this sequel we see that . the actors do a good , since the lead characters are suppose to be , let 's say less intelligent , but nice . i think this movie and the 1st one are classics . i like the grim reaper , his atitude during the movie , and the fact the he is the comic relief ( okay so most of the movie is comic relief ) even if they are fun to watch to laugh at , it is worth it to watch 
camera neg 910.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos . 
health pos 695.txt i love all the varieties of chocolate , and if you mix them in a blender , they are smooth and creamy . you can add a frozen banana or a couple of ice cubes , and the shake is thick enough to be a milkshake . shaking by hand or using a hand-held mixer does not do these nutrition shakes justice . these are a great meal replacement - healthy , nutritious , and full of quality protein . 
dvd pos 850.txt in this movie based on a true story we see jerry stahl played by ben stiller . jerry is a geek hollywood scriptwriter who turns out junk for sitcoms although he thinks he is shakespeare by his admiration of his own writing . jerry has it all - a hollywood mansion , liz hurley , a cool car and yet he decides to throw it all away for some heroin . jerry 's heroin habit costs $6 , 000 a week but he is only earning $5000 ( ! ! ! ) per week . one does not need a phd. in advanced mathematics to realize this this spells trouble . jerry eventually gets clean with the help of maria bello and then he wrote his story in a best selling book . one can only hope that his new fortune does not lure him back into the drug scene . i give this sorry excuse of a movie 5 stars because it has maria bello in it although i still ca n't figure out why she finds jerry the geek so interesting . his story is the same as any street junkie.they all look the same to me when they are injecting heroin into their veins on the street 
music pos 648.txt first off , i 'd like to say that i am not a country music fan , but i am a johnny cash fan . he transcends the genre that turned his back on him in his later years , but here the man can do no wrong . now , i bought the 2000 " expansion " release of this concert which at the time was dubbed the " complete concert recording " . it was misleading because i had seen the british documentary ( the dvd of this is included in the set ) in which johnny & friends were performing songs i never knew existed from this legendary event because they were absent on cd . now this is the full sha-bang , complete with amazing packaging , the concert spread over two cds , and the dvd mentioned above . if you bought the previous cd like i did , let me tell you , this is worth the upgrade as it seems this is the " definitive end to all release " of johnny singing to the boys at san quentin . for new fans , the single cd release might be the best place to start since it has at least 85% of what johnny sang that night at san quentin . the rest of the legacy tracks feature the carter family , carl perkins , and the statler bros . so if you 're looking for a " johnny cash " solo concert , then get the single cd version . if you want the absolute complete version in a great package , 40 page booklet , and he legendary british documentary of this concert for the first time on dvd ; the legacy edition of this memorable night is the way to go 
dvd pos 965.txt .. with an all-star cast . the plot is not new ( stage door , how to marry a millionaire and valley of the dolls to mention but a few ) , but judy , hedy and lana do an admirable job . never mind highbrow critcs ; hedy lamarr wasn ` t that bad and lana does one of her best acting jobs ever . judy is a tomboy and it ` s sad that life eventually took her into the direction of lana ` s character sheila . the musical numbers are good , but sadly ; footage from the great ziegfeld are edited in ( note the finale ) . james stewart are good as well - as are edvard everett horton , charles winninger and eve arden . the film is filled with good 1-liners and there are even echoes of garbo ` s first sound-entrance in anna christie 
health neg 620.txt i love these bars , they are high in protien , and are good supplements , how ever the 3 boxes i got were all expired . beware of sale items on bars like this 
books pos 38.txt i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i 
camera pos 378.txt what 's not to like ? light , compact and comes with the strap , case and wipe cloth . they are perfect . keep in mind 12 power can be more challeging to hold still 
health neg 497.txt i bought 8 size d 's for my boom box thinking it would be the answer to having to buy batteries every few camping trips . wrong answer . i was able to play 2 1 / 2 cds before my box was out of juice . game over . i realize these batteries lose their charge quickly by sitting around , but these batteries were fresh off the charger when i left . i figured they 'd at least last into the night , but they were finished before sundown . do n't believe anyone who says these are for high drain devices.. . i got fooled . fool me once , shame on you . we ca n't get fooled again 
dvd pos 214.txt all the great reviews written previously say it all - anne of green gables the movie is a timeless classic of the classic novel . i 've been watching this movie since i 've been a child , and i still watch it as an adult . a movie like this does n't need " special features " for it to be attractive as a dvd ( although the commentary is great ! ) . just the fact that no matter how long i keep this and how often i watch this movie , it wo n't change like vhs does . 
dvd pos 330.txt ...but the movie was pretty good . i found myself highly disappointed in the book , and almost was n't able to finish it . the characters were flat , the story reading like a history lesson in religion through the ages , and not a true story , so i was n't sure what to make of the movie . i was pleasantly surprised though , to enjoy the movie immensely . it was long , but it kept the pace going throughout . the subtitling in the latin and french was a bit mundane to drudge through , but it made the movie a bit more ' believable ' than everyone speaking english when the main character is actually french . teabing was played brilliantly , and while hanks was not who i would have thought for langdon , he did a superb job in the role . if you can set your personal beliefs aside and view the movie as a piece of exceptional fiction drama and suspense , it is well worth watching . murder , mystery , suspense , action , drama.. . it 's all there in this film 
books pos 261.txt perhaps the long shadow of francis parkman has discouraged historians from writing about the french and indian war ( seven year 's war ) . whatever the reason it 's good to see from the publication of several books that americans are taking a renewed interest in the pre-revolutionary period when the british were triumphant and the indians still counted as a political force . it 's past time for a thorough revision of parkman - - who was ungenerous with the indians although i thrilled as a young reader to his descriptions of their ferocity - - for example , the " insensate fury " of the iroquois . actually , the iroquois were less insensate than they were astute . calloway omits the bloody details and vivid writing of parkman but he gives us a thorough picture of what happened in the wake of the english victory over the french in north america . in particular he focuses on the frontier and the built-in conflict of american settlers , british policy , and the indian tribes who either went down to defeat with the french or were betrayed by perfidious albion . they made their point , however , in pontiac 's war and by clearing white settlers from the frontier . but their numbers were declining and they would soon be overwhelmed . this is a good book about the issues of the frontier between whites and indians . in addition , there 's a good account of the french movement from canada to louisiana and the spanish rule in florida and the trans-mississippi . smallchief 
dvd pos 892.txt this is the best " la traviata . " i was so moved that i had to take a break . it really touched me deeply ! 
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here 
dvd neg 319.txt i checked this out because i wanted to take a look at what the new doctor who people have been doing in the recent past . the second coming is n't quite as cosmic , but it certainly engages us in some comparable flights of fancy . steve baxter ( christopher eccleston ) has an epiphany one night when he 's out on the town with some mates . he reckons he 's become the son of god and he proceeds to turn night into day at maine road football ground in order to demonstrate his divinely-chosen status ( a bit like david icke , except with powers ) . his immediate friends take their time to come to terms with this and despite becoming the ` new disciples ' some of them - notably judith his girlfriend ( lesley sharp ) - remain sceptical . through the media he tells the world that they must come up with a ` third testament' . it later transpires that if they do not , the end of the world will soon follow . what are this messiah 's credentials ? well , he spends forty days in the wilderness which is saddleworth moor and he has no earthly father - it turns out that his dad is infertile and could n't have fathered him . this tickled me . did writer russell t . davis pass his gcse in religious studies , do we think ? i could n't really work out whether the religious symbolism was unconsciously corny and nave or whether it aimed at giving us a laugh . i 'd like to think the latter . steve , curiously , is n't what we might describe as spiritual - certainly not religious . he swears all the time , boozes and although not quite loutish , is somewhat laddish . he 's a laddish messiah . his disciples swear at him and he insults them back . ( message to southerners - we in the north are not all like this , despite the plethora of dramas which suggest otherwise : preston front , our friends in the north , etc. writers do seem to have this desire to patronise us thus . ) what 's noticeable about the founders of the major world religions is that they managed to espouse some degree of religious wisdom . steve , who just witters nonsensically to the crowds , seems to lack this facility . is he meant to be devoid of wisdom ? are we asking too much of russell t . davis to place some in his mouth ? could he have done so had he wished ? presumably our writer would need to possess some himself ! ( jury 's out . ) it turns out that the party piece belongs to the sceptical girlfriend who clearly becomes the mouthpiece for the programme 's message . so what happens ? despite almost two hours of waiting for judgement day , with little action or plot development we eventually come to learn that our messiah is something of a damp squib . he ends up at the girlfriend 's home where she feeds him a dish of spaghetti a la rat poison which he takes willingly but not before we discover that he is really just a sort of encapsulation or epitome of human religiosity . enlightened humanity - judith - finally comes to realise that she can and must live without him and she spits him out . they argue for a while before atheism wins out and steve chomps down the poisoned pasta ( after the two hours i found myself saying ` bon appetit ' ) . so we get the sermon , although it 's a secular one which declares the futility of religious belief . but this messiah seemed to me to be almost devoid of any meaningful religious ideas anyway . you ca n't debunk what does n't exist . steve ca n't be a foil for atheism if he is a kind of atheism . i suppose that we do end up questioning russell t davis 's understanding of spirituality , not to say he should necessarily adhere to religion or spirituality , but perhaps to understand it to come degree . and yes , there is a naivety and a corniness which underpins all this third-form philosophy , typical of so many young people working within the arts . it 's a pity that the message of the piece could n't have been delivered within the actual context of the drama itself . what we have is a two hour tv play followed by a secular sermon , subtext puked out and all . we do have an epilogue , however , where our new-found heroine is hilariously transfigured at the supermarket . i do recommend the second coming for amusement , but for enlightenment you 'd better have something else to hand . 
dvd pos 813.txt i rented this ( sigh ) several years ago , liked it or julia roberts enough to buy it but did n't open the new copy until the other day and watched it today . i regretted buying a new copy after all , remembering it only as a few heartwarming ( i did n't want my heart warmed ) months in the lives of just plain folks in ct . ( incidentally , the 3 girls are not sisters , just 2 of them . ) i made fun of it , my friend made fun of it , i watched a few minutes then turned it off , then watched some more , finally got up to about 40 minutes and decided to finish it . it has charm . it is a soap opera , but i thought it was well acted and well done . it had humor , happiness , sadness , embarrassment ( like the barrels of fish in the rich kid 's car ) , love . it had so much plot that it practically had none at all . and i liked it . but now , 15 minutes later , i 'm beginning all over again to wonder why i bought it . i could have done without hearing sinatra singing in the background toward the end of the flick . that man was a nauseous menace and could barely sing at all , no range , no depth , somehow he could carry a tune , but that 's about the size of it , speaking of size , the size of his ego ( which i assume is why he did n't deign to sing the tunes the way the songwriters wrote them or the lyrics ) would have made a mushroom cloud ! i recommend this movie if you like this kind of thing . for it 's kind , i thought it was perfectly done . i just like them a smidge more sophisticated . the vulgarity and blasphemies were delicious . 
health neg 333.txt it took my 3 1 / 2-year-old 10 seconds to defeat this . it took me about 30 minutes to install it . pretty ineffective , as far as i 'm concerned . your mileage may vary 
dvd pos 470.txt we love underdogs ! here is a plain girl who finds happiness . there is alot more to this character than she is given credit for . we 've watched it about 20 times in the past 5 yrs . if you like " ugly betty " or any sort of cinderella type stories - this one is for you . it is an australian movie . 
camera pos 840.txt i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it 
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots 
music neg 800.txt this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman . 
books neg 657.txt this is the worst book of shakespeare criticism i have ever read . bloom makes no attempt to link one paragraph to the next . it reads like 30 years of lecture notes piled together haphazardly , handed to a graduate student , and entered into a computer over a weekend . he contradicts himself several times . i donated my copy to the library as soon as i was done reading it , so i cannot cite the pages where the contradictions occur ; but several times i recall reading a passage where bloom had just said the exact opposite a few pages earlier . to make matters worse , he even says the bard contradicts himself . he points to supposed paradoxes regarding hamlet 's age , stating that his seeming age does not jive with textual evidence that would put his age at about 30. apparently the point is that if shakespeare contradicts himself , so can bloom . bloom ignores the obvious conclusion that hamlet is a slacker . he has not grown up yet . that is why his parents tell him to come home from school and not to waste his time as a professional student when he should be learning how to run a kingdom . some of the book 's observations are interesting , but they are glossed over and presented as a random jumble from bloom 's notes . interespersed between the passages scribbled down from bloom 's lectures are outbursts where bloom reminds us that shakespeare is without any question whatsover the greatest writer , in verse or prose , who ever lived . bloom is a great critic when he still tries , but in this book he was not even trying 
music neg 439.txt i bought this cd after having seen ken burns ' special on pbs . the energy that came through on screen in the benny goodman segments does n't really come through in this cd . artie shaw said that benny goodman was too much of a perfectionist to take risks and so his music languished in predictability . that shows in this collection . afterall , where would jazz be if jazz musicians did n't take risks 
music neg 92.txt this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame 
dvd neg 365.txt jennifer jason...can someone puhleeze tell me why she always plays the same role ! and why all of her characters have seriously bad elocution ! the so called ~bostonish...or upper crust- -east coast accent does not include..slurring your words as if a consonant was too much work . it as if her upper lip is never engaged at all..not even to smirk ! does she have a botox complex..use your face..including your upper lip.. . but then again...maybe she was acting just like dorothy parker..who ahem..happens to be dead. . ! ( no disrespect intended. . ) jennifer beals played her little tiny wee part with so much more depth and nuance..why did n't she play parker..i believed her character ! gwyneth..love her. . ! bit part..but she added a much needed warmth to the film. . i cared for one character..and the best part was his bit giving a financial report..i thought that was brilliant. . ! bravo..but mr. benchley was the most endearing and 3 dimensional character..thank you. . will someone please make this film over..and do it right. . ! and do n't just call up your buds..for a tupperware party and say..hey..lets make a movie. . ! dorothy parker deserves much much better..i ca n't even imagine the biting remarks she would print..how about. . ' it 's all about me..and i hated it. . ! but the costumes were nice. . 
dvd neg 774.txt as a character movie this is largely a failure , unless you find poignancy in " average-ness . " the characters are all one-note half-stereotypes who seem to be sleeping their way through the non-existent plot . " oh , look how average they are ! is n't it charming how they sit around and talk about nothing ? it 's so lifelike ! " and the main character 's seeming inability to be anything other than perfectly angelic at all times makes it awfully hard to sympathize with her . if this is intended to be an issue movie with the message robert ebert has suggested ( that anti-abortion laws are really just a form of discrimination against poor women ) , it 's taking a rather belabored approach just to tell us what anyone with a head on their shoulders already knows . munich and syriana also " bring to light " ideas that are not new or novel or shocking to anyone who cares to be informed and think about the world . perhaps the only thing truly shocking is that movies like this would need to be made to say such obvious things . perhaps next they 'll make a movie to make the point that , shockingly enough , the sky is blue , or that paint dries when applied to walls , or that grass grows . i imagine they 'd be somewhat more interesting than this effort 
dvd pos 580.txt this set is fine as far as it goes . however , where are the strawberry blonde and the oklahoma kid ? warners has given other actors 6 or 7 disc sets . why not cagney ? on the other hand , maybe a cagney , volume 2 is in the works . let 's hope so 
camera pos 390.txt i am only an amateur photographer , but still . . . this small camera with the long nose gives performance one might expect from an slr film camer costing a lot more , and a lot more complicated to use . i caught the digital bug sevearl years ago . my latest before this beauty was a simple little canon sureshot 3mp . a great camera , but this camera has the same simplicity , but takes pictures which are much more refined in terms of sharpeness for not much more than i paid for that camera four years ago ! ! this panasonic lumix has a leica lens , which can ' t be matched by any other camera but it 's twin leica camera- -a much more expensive piece of equipment . the long lens might put you off if you are an average family photog , but if you want an all around 35mm-12x camera without a huge heavy expensive bag of lenses , like me , this baby is for you . it only looks massive . it is quite lite and manageable . i use it for bird photographsy , but it could be great for any situation where you need to get really close up in just about any lighting situation with ultra-fine resolution . do n't want to spend mega bucks for a mega-camera ? this is the answer . i love it , and i think your will , too . easy to use , and easy on the wallet . if you 're not quite there , try the next model down , with the same focal length but 6 mp , for a couple hundred less . another terrific buy . no , i do n't work for panasanic . i 'm a retired print editor . jim isha 
dvd pos 26.txt our one year old loves this one , and so do i . the music is wonderful . the creative incorporation of vivaldi 's four seasons and monet 's masterpieces are entertaining and educational . the children , little puppets and sequences with toys and nature makes this interesting for our child . we watch this one most of all the baby einstein 's that we have . 
camera neg 121.txt i bought this monopod about 3 weeks ago after reading the reviews here . i 'm not sure if i got a defective unit but i 've had these problems from the gitgo : -i noticed the 2 lower sections will not open and close smoothly , they would get stuck about 2-3 inches from the lock and you 'd need force to expand / retract them . very interestingly , if the section right above the one i 'm trying to expand / retract is unlocked then the operation is smooth and flawless ! -the ballhead does not support my nikon d80 and lightest lens ( 18-55mm ) a less than 2 lbs combo , which is much lighter than the 4.4 lbs weight limit indicated in the specs . the camera just slumps in one direction or another regardless of how hard i try to make sure the ballhead is locked tightly . again , it might have been a defective unit , but i thought i 'd point my observations out anyway . i wanted to buy this from amazon , it was n't in stock , it was sitting in my shopping cart and when it became available amazon bumped the price to $40+ , so i went elsewhere and got it for $30. 
software neg 731.txt ( this review is of the spyware edition ) nis takes 25megs of ram - ok for an all-in-one ( if you have & lt ; 256megs your lightweight cpu ca n't carry enough armor to make windows really zero-day net safe imho ) nis has most of the features i look for in a firewall / spyware / virus scanner / intrusion detector , but half do n't work right , and some that do seem to fight every attempt to make them work . even after liveupdate this week , one buggy automatic firewall rule autoloaded , and port 80 was open listening half ' naked ' on the internet . i replaced it , and at the first passing probe my rule was erased , autoreplaced , naked again . only after i stumbled onto the secret trick ( add a block all rule after the pass rules ) did it close it . it took 11 clicks ( ! ) just to add the block all rule - miserable ! the log is a nightmare - pages of long sentences explaining " permitted once " 200 times , no actual info until i click on one of them . what 's worse is , none of them i checked were " permitted once " iirc . nis detected 2 trojan / spywares , but could not remove either . enabling program component monitoring started an avalanche of popups , all suggesting i block access , but i actually do want ie to access the internet . running windows update brought a popup asking if 100 's more dll 's are ok . how would i know ? i do want windows updated . great feature in theory , totally useless even if you know the names of every evil dll not yet invented . if you have more than 1 or 2 programs not in the automatic ruleset , plan to either " permit all " or spend many hours actually writing the same set of 3 rules over and over for every autoupdating program you use - assuming you understand tcp vs udp etc. why no " permit all local + dns + outbound port 80 " choice ? that would mean 1 / 10 the work ! jetico lets me pick " web browser " ruleset , so its ui from hell gets used once per category . after spending all day and half the night getting it working , i discover that it is not possible to save my precious rules - or to reload them . i would be less furious if i had a fresh install of windows , but not much . all good , until a program autoupdates , and 3 more rules to write . too angry for words . jetico lets me clone the old rules or edit them to update the program sig . i would not use nis if you paid me 10 times its price . 
camera neg 360.txt this item was offered as a suggested accessory to the nikon monarch atb 8x42 waterproof binoculars that i purchased . i later also purchased the 12x42 binoculars . this harness can not be attached to either pair of binoculars ! the hook part of the snap is too thick to go through the strap eyelet on the binoculars . other than that the harness is a well made quality product 
software neg 522.txt there 's a fundamental flaw in the software : it wo n't print a greeting card properly unless you have a borderless-capable printer . if you print on a printer that ca n't do borderless printing , the front cover image on the card will be off center . check the faq section of the hallmarksoftware web site and they even admit as much . it 's a known bug , and a ' fix ' has been promised since december according to the hallmarksoftware on-line forums . until the fix is released , if ever , avoid this program 
music neg 408.txt this is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. seriously , this is awful . very juvenile and materialistic . this guy and his rented chains need to disapear . what a waste 
health neg 778.txt depending on how i shifted my weight- -even just slightly- -the scale read different amounts . this is normal when the difference is small . but the difference was up to 20 pounds ! there was no way to know how much i really weighed ! i called amazon right away to send it back.. . 
health neg 456.txt these hair topia pills are nothing but garbage ! pure nonsense ! trust me , i know this because i used to buy them . i first bought these pills last year in june 2005 after hair formula 37 's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage . well , these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned , and had promised also to change dry and brittle hair to long and healthy , and it did absolute nothing . i said to myself , like hair formula 37 , that maybe i just need to give this more time , so i bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all . this product might just work for others , which it has , but it certainly did n't work for me . i must admit that i brought this on myself , as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway , and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like giant or even hair vitamins in the damn dollar store ! these hair growth pills are too damn expensive , so when you are paying all of that money then you expect it to work . the fact that it does not is infuriating because $39.99 + $7 in shipping , with a total of a little over $46 , is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing . thus , i am here to warn others not to waste their precious money . and if you are going to , please do n't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com . 
software pos 232.txt i am so pleased with this purchase ! ! under normal circumstances if i spend anything over $1.00 i get caught in a spiral of buyers regret . this is a feeling that i have grown accustomed to . when i received the 800 , 000 through the mail i shredded open the box and started skimming through what new images i could play with . i was astonished ! then , i realized something.....or rather a lack of something . i felt no remorse for buying this ! i finally had a collection of clip art that could provide an abundant amount of images for collages , labels , calendars , scrapbooks , and everything else i wanted to do . 
dvd pos 775.txt this movie was always a fun one to watch ; however , after katrina in new orleans , it was the best comic relief on those days when it was all going wrong as we rebuilt the house . love the movie 
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing 
music pos 690.txt i am a motown , oldies , r&amp ; b , soul , love songs , music lover.i like the songs that hit the heart and soul and hearing them brings back memories that come alive to the rhythem and bill withers definately fits right in there . i do n't realy have a favorite artist because i like sooooo many of them but if i had to pick my top 10 , this album would be in there 
camera neg 87.txt the 5x7 digital photo frame from pacific digital is very cheaply made , the lcd is very dark and flickers constantly . 
dvd neg 597.txt sorry to disagree with all those reviewers who loved this movie , but peter sellers did many better films than this . " dr. strangelove " was the masterpiece . " being there " is an underrated and understated sendup of how things happen in washington . " the world of henry orient " ( at last on dvd ! ) is priceless but virtually unknown , with delicious performances from sellers and especially his teenage tormentors . finally , the " pink panther " series is much better slapstick than " after the fox , " which has many famous , talented participants but is mostly silly , unfortunately not as hilariously and frenetically silly as clouseau & co. one irritant was the repetition and prolongation of gags and situations , as if we might not notice them otherwise . i agree with other reviewers that victor mature does as well as possible with the role he is allotted , and martin balsam does okay with his stuff , too . when watching this film , i kept thinking the same thoughts as when attending a mediocre restaurant - - i could have cooked up something better than this myself for a lot less money 
health neg 476.txt thought this would save time and be easier than a blow dryer and round brush , but no . my hair is long-ish and kind of fine / straight . the brushes would not grab the hair enough like my regular round hair brush . so , i could n't get the full volume results i wanted . i can see how those with thick or wavy hair would fare better . it is very loud though . i returned mine 
books pos 107.txt if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker 
software neg 61.txt they sent me a product that was n't legit and would n't take it back . horrible service & i do n't recommend anyone buy from this particular vendor ! just a horrible waste of time & money 
books pos 618.txt i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer.. . is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77. is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book 
camera neg 116.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it . 
software pos 209.txt i have had nothing short of an excellent experience with this product . i have created numerous videos of my children 's escapades and sporting events . i do have one warning however . provide the grandparents with a box of tissues because they never fail to cry when they see their little angels parading across the widescreen . the software is extremely intuitive and easy to use . my wildest expectations were exceeded . 
dvd neg 263.txt i loved what the bleep ? and i specifically wanted to learn more about ' creating your day' . this video teaches nothing about how to create your day - nothing . it 's just ramtha ( jz knight ) talking about the fact that you can create your day . i heard you in the movie ! i bought this to give me some additional insights into how to create my day . it does not teach any how whatsoever . do not buy this video ! buy " the secret " @ thesecret.tv . buy " the attractor factor " by joe vitale . buy " wealth beyond reason " by bob doyle . do not buy this video 
software neg 852.txt 1 star is being generous . i 've been an act user for almost 20 years . i think it 's time to say good-bye . reasons : 1. 2007 version is agonizingly slow . effects my whole system . i added 1 gb of ram bringing my total to 2gb with no improvement . seems like 5 secs to execute any command in the program . does n't seem like much bu count it...one one thousand , two one thousand.. . it adds up when you use the program all day , every day . 2. support is atrocious . you get 60 days after purchase and then ca n't even access their tech moderated forum unless you pay $300 a year . 3. it ought to be broken down . i use it to manage client information and communication , i do n't need all the opportunity garbage and one can spend more time managing a process than actually doing the darn thing . 4. support sticks . in the last couple of years , i 've never had a phone call answered in less than 30 minutes...and that includes when i was dumb enough to pay the then $200 a year . 5. support stinks even when you pay 300 a year . 6. support is a ripoff . one support plan . no by incident option . 300 bucks or nothing . 7. did i mention that support is the worst ? they seem to do things on the website and then think about what they just did . navigating their forums is a nightmare . i had to click around for 10 minutes this morning to figure out how to post in an unmoderated forum . ( btw , 4 messages total in the 2007 section in 6 months . i guess most pay their 300 bucks for the moderated forum . ) 8. an example of how time consuming it can be : it took me a week of phone calls with several reps to get the upgrade installation to function . and i mean it did n't function at all . it made such a mess that i had to reformat my hard drive to get it to install . a first in 20+ years of computer use . sage seems to think this program is the only one a user installs on their computer . bad attitude . sage and act ! are poster children of everything bad about the software industry today . do yourself a favor , if older versions are working for you...stay there . the enhancements in 2007 are not worth the trouble . if you 're looking for a contact manager , look elsewhere . 
music neg 151.txt people buy fast food , they know its bad for them . people pay the geek squad 229 to do 5 minutes of work . people also pay 10 bucks for words & techno beats called " pop music " . amazing , if you had this much money : go get a gym membership . pay off your cars . donate it to children 's hospital . why support some teen that in 2 years will die from the music scence and laugh in her mansion 
software neg 495.txt if one is looking for an educational program to help a child learn there are much better programs on the market than mia . unfortunately we bought this as a package of mia and all suffer from the same issues . first , it takes 2 cds and a game cannot be completed without switching to the 2d cd . that compounds the problem that mia cannot be loaded on the hard drive so the game cannot be played unless the cd is loaded . having programs that require the loading of cds to play them is a pain in the neck because children do not handle cds properly and an adult must change the cds . most programs have only one cd but this one requires two . mia programs are more like video games than educational software . they are comparable to video games like spiderman and sponge bob which are puzzles to be solved . that is the problem with the mia programs . the child spends an inordinate amount of time manuevering between the educational activities so that most of the time is spent manuevering and little time is spent on education . and it can be frustrating for the child , even a child that is very adept at video games . yet because mia is more of a video game than an educational resource , children who are video game geeks like mia . mia 's science is better than mia 's math and reading because at least a written scenario is provided which helps out . but like all the mia programs , the program hangs at times so that the child cannot complete the game . worse yet because the program is always active , the hibernation and suspend operations on the computer do not function so the program must be shut down should the child leave the computer . another problem that all the mia programs suffer from is that the video only occupies a small part of the monitor screen so that the effects are dimished . other educational software fill the full screen although to mia 's credit , when the user exits the program it restores the screen to its original resolution , something not all educational softwere does . the mia programs do have humor in them which is enertaining to children and what educational material there is , is somewhat useful . the game is very lengthy . it takes hours to complete a mission . the oral instructions do not always match the written ones which are the correct ones , and are confusing to children . as the game progresses , lag time increases between segments 
books neg 534.txt i was looking for a book to make elegant , simple and practical bags . this book has is all feathers and beads , nothing that i would ever give to someone as a gift ! i was very disappointed . 
dvd neg 595.txt what a great cast ! i mean looking at this line up you just have to watch this movie , right ? after it starts it is so mesmerizingly awful that you still have to watch it , although you are shaking your head in disbelief ! stunning ! you 've never seen anything quite like it ! if you are a fan of the campy awful , you may see it as a masterpiece , if not you will still have a unique viewing experience . proceed at your own risk ! borrow or rent it before plunking down your hard earned cash to buy it . did i mention the great cast ? so many of my favorites...even goodman ca n't save this clunker 
software neg 227.txt i 've been a user of pinnacle version 8 ( which i loved ) , and needed to update to a version that could burn dual layer dvds . what a disappointment this " upgrade " has been . crash after crash . what is most disappointing is that pinnacle built in a feed back system so the users could " help " them develop a better product . this means to me that they knowingly released bad code , and used their customers as guinny pigs while sticking us for a $100. guess what , i do n't want to help pinnacle build a better product . i want a product that works when i purchase it . lesson learned . next time i read a bad review on a product , i 'm staying away 
software neg 127.txt talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk ! 
software pos 9.txt i 've been frustrated for quite some time now with having adobe reader and expecting it should do what adobe acrobat can do . i was especially interested in creating pdf 's ( portable document formats ) of word documents . although i have photoshop that can do this for me in a roundabout way , i was n't satisfied with the extra time it took to do so . faced with the assignment of pulling together a rather large family cookbook , aptly named , " death by cholesterol " , i felt justified in finally purchasing not only " acrobat " but also " omnipage " , an ocr ( optical character recognition ) software . with these programs in hand it made the project fun to do . now i have the whole cookbook with its index as a sinle multi-page pdf file that can be read and also printed out by anyone i care to send it to over the internet . it 's of great value to me now and gives me enhanced versatility even though i 've only used a small part of its capabilities . the reason that i 've only given it a " 4 " rating ? i 'm upset that i did n't get the full version , but i ca n't justify doing so . i 'm being petulant 
music neg 538.txt i have all 5 volumes and this is the only one i do n't like . the selection of music is just plain bad . there are a few songs that are ok but most are just dull , dull , dull . i recommend going with one of the first 4 volumes instead 
software neg 738.txt from my experience just about all support calls are routed off shore . most of the tech support staff just take your question and type it into their work station . they say " may i put you on hold while i check my resources " . then they read answers off their screen . several times i had to say to the tech - i ca n't understand your english . if you buy the package i 'd find a local qb certified accountant and pay him / her for their time . 
camera pos 322.txt it gave me the option to change the angle of the light.. . this is a nice option to have i am sure 
software pos 63.txt i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n't come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n't have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the " h " key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you 've got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do " 1=green " for yes , " 2=yellow " for maybe , and " 3=red " for no . there 's room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red " no " images and delete them . after i have all my green " yes " images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n't bother with , as well . it 's got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what 's incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n't even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n't 5 star it is b / c it 's not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; ) 
music neg 866.txt very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick 
software neg 437.txt this was horrible , i installed this and within a 24 hour period , i was slammed with pop-ups and spam....and good luck trying to remove it . very dissatisfied customer 
camera neg 976.txt i do n't know what case others got , some have said " too tight " but mine was very loose . the camera is swimming around in the case , easily half a centimeter of clearance . not recommended . just buy the battery and wait for someone to make a good aftermarket case . 
health pos 104.txt this was a perfect fit for my healthy lifestyle ! what i found also very helpful was getyoursexyon.myarbonne.com it was the only thing that i never thought would be missing from trying to be healthy everyday . guess there 's enough people vouching for my all time fav cliff bars so i wanted to spread the word , i know i wish i would have found out sooner ! 
health neg 363.txt i personally have not taken this diet pill ; however i am compelled to note the descriptions from folks stating that they felt " trippy " " weird " and " out of sorts " . britney spears had been taking this stuff for a while...then as we all know she went all " postal " , shaved her head , attacked photographers and just all around went out in left field and did n't return.....and we wonder why she did it...hummmm.. . none the less , the side effects like those reported i 've seen personally from close friends . they should re-name this diet pill asylum-x , because that 's where you 'll be . diet pills like these have a negative effect on the seratonin in your spinal fluids , and i do n't know about you but i 'm not comfortable with something altering my state of being....just something for you to " swallow " 
books neg 989.txt i am absolutely furious about this book . i quit reading about half-way through . i read it through the section about it 's a wonderful life ( chapter 13 ) . in that chapter , i found three mistakes - not minor details , but major , provable points , including misquoting zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs . if eliot 's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs , how can i trust the rest of the information in the book ? avoid this at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
health neg 614.txt the mirror 's light is quite dim and the magnification ( 5x ) is inadequate for most purposes 
camera pos 260.txt i love the bag for all the reasons others did not like it . the product is listed as a gadget bag and that is what it is good at . the s2 is is a large camera for a point and shoot and it fits in very few bags . this bag fit the camera easily and had space for all types of extras including batteries , chargers and extra media cards . there is also enough room for another small digital camera or a film point and shoot . the correct way to advertise this case would have been for up to two bodies or four small lens . given that limitation , this is a great bag . the bag is very well made and holds my canon powershot s2 is very securely . i lay the camera on it 's back and that means that even if i accidently power it on the lens opens harmlessly . the material is great and the waist belt is very practical . the strap is well padded and after a day of use i believe it is one of the most comfortable straps i have used . buy this bag for the correct camera and you will be very happy with it . 
music neg 336.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
dvd neg 128.txt black hawk down has n't got an interesting story on offer . when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu , somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them . from there it is just angry men running and shooting . although this is what you would expect from a war movie , black hawk down remains way below average . i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters . now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers . now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns . as this movie was based on events that truly took place , probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more . ( sarr ) 
software neg 604.txt this review is for turbo tax basic for mac / pc 2005 the software is easy enough to use but either out of curiosity or self abuse , i checked the results manually and found a round off flaw contained in the program . if you are self employed and use form se ( self employment tax form ) the program fails to round " up " correctly . the mistake favors the individual and not the feds . this is a math error and the irs can red flag it . i remember several years ago i purchased the deluxe or premire verson and the program recommended that i might consider putting $300 into my ira in order to lower my tax bracket , it was great ! however subsquent versions did not do this , after which i only purchase the basic version . 
dvd neg 385.txt i must be missing something , i bought this movie.. . when i watched it i fell asleep , its boring as hell trust me im a true horror fan and a gore-fiend , this movie was nothing , the only gore was when this guy cut some lady in the heart and it looked so fake... . the only scary part was the end with this witch , is everyone high but me ? this movie sucked ! boring as hell. . 2 stars 
camera neg 62.txt just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera 
software pos 699.txt this software offers simple and easy to use way of getting ones affairs in order 
camera neg 388.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
software neg 313.txt while i am sure the product does what it offers , this is the second version of elemeents that i have not been able to load on my computer . that 's where the fun begins - adobe 's support is dreadful . their website is unusuable - other than constantly trying to sell you additional products and services - and they have no human support on weekends 
books pos 437.txt perfectly simple and indistinguishable from the " real " amazon - except the price . thanks for everything 
software pos 354.txt sept 15th , 2005 i bought this for my god-daughter after buying mia 's science adventure . i have never been so impressed with a companies product before . you can learn both spanish and french on the same cd . the graphics are amazing , the adventure is stupendous and now lily ( my god-daughter ) is learning spanish . her level is above all her classmates and she 's even started conversing with a mexican girl in our neighbourhood . well worth your money 
health pos 62.txt we use the zbars for breakfast , and my kids love them ! i love them too , as they 're organic , contain no trans fat , no refinded sugar or flour . they 're yummy and healthy 
books neg 750.txt i am so sorry that i bought this book . it is unfortunate that you do not have a penguin or everyman 's library edition . first of all the book is too large to read in bed . secondly , whoever did the proofreading should be fired . there are so many typographical errors that it really upsets and disturbs the reading . if the postage were not so expensive from israel , i would return the book to amazon 
software neg 265.txt i bought the software ( digital image suite 2006 ) before i bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures i was going to take . a big mistake . i bought a canon 30d camera and record my images in raw format ( *.cr2 ) . unfortunately , not all canon .cr2 raw files are the same . so , even though the software says you can edit .cr2 raw images , it depends on which camera made the image . here is complaint number two - if you use microsoft 's customer service / technical support you will be routed to india - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem . after emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address . so , basically , microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no american technical support . now , for the final complaint . there is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! so , if i want to use a microsoft software package to edit my photo images then i will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful . 
music pos 353.txt i 'm biased , because i loved the movie and adore the book . gregson-williams does an outstanding job here ( before this , i was most familiar with his score work on metal gear solid videogames ) . the music is extremely touching and magical . the " evacuating london score " ( from the scene in the train station ) tugs at the heartstrings . and the " battle score " brings back the images of the dynamic battle at the movie 's climax . one song that 's missing is the 1940s jazz song played in the movie when the kids are playing hide and seek . other than that absence ( probably due to copyright restrictions ) , this is an excellent cd . as for the " bonus " dvd - i probably would n't purchase it if i had a second chance . it 's got some nice gallery art of movie stills and concept art . there is only one trailer , and it is not the very first one released , which opens with the kids at the mansion and really gets the blood pumpin ' with its intro of the wardrobe . there are also behind-the-scenes interviews i have n't watched yet , but i wonder if they 'll appear again when the movie dvd is released . 
health neg 160.txt i was very disappointed in this dryer and am returning it . it is very heavy and i am not a weakling ! it is also very big . with my arm stretched out all the way i can barely get it to my head . because it is so heavy and big i have ' banged ' myself on the head with the ' fingers' . just things to consider when deciding whether to buy this dryer . 
books neg 626.txt ms wilson needs to make up her mind whether to write a book of literary criticism or a biography . the book suffers from too much critical analysis of sassoon 's poetry and not enough about his life . either he was an extremely boring and prosaic poet or ms. wilson needs to delve deeper into his intellectual and emotional development - really his cricket exploits and his hunting prowess does not lend anything to the very essence of his life . ms. wilson 's prose is turgid and repetitive . an extremely disappointing work 
software pos 961.txt i recently purchased the anime studio 5 but not the pro version , which costs 150 more and gives more functionality . this is a fully functioning animation software , with lots of interesting features . i can see no reason that a novice animator such as i am would not be happy with this software . i would like to see more energy put into a manual , but you can scavenge the anime blog / chat site to find answers , or google other places . with a more robust manual , this would be 5 stars , not 4. it is really the reason i am reluctant to upgrade to pro , because i would want more lessons and tutorials to go along with the upgrade . if you have an interest in animating , this is the software for you . 
dvd pos 121.txt we all know the movie and story of the silence of the lambs . i reviewed the movie and gave it a 5 star rating because to me , it is one of the best films ever made . now , with red dragon , i give it 4 stars but i think this is a very good movie and what makes it so good is... . anthony hopkins , the brilliant actor who plays hannibal lecter . i do n't think this movie would have been as good if hopkins would n't have played the role of lecter . i own the original manhunter , which is an older movie and it was good but hopkins can not be beat for the hannibal lecter role . this is a great thriller film ! ! edward norton delivers a very good performance as retired fbi agent will graham . when a series of serial killing style murders start , graham is called out of retirement to help the fbi catch the killer known as " the tooth fairy " . he eventually seeks the aid of lecter to help him find who this killer is . like silence of the lambs , we find graham visiting lecter in his maximum security facility . very cool scenes in this movie with some blood and violence . this movie holds true to the book with the same name . we get to see lecter wearing the famous face mask he wore in s.o.t.l. without going further into all the details of the movie , i 'll just say this is a great prequel although it came after s.o.t.l. and the movie hannibal . also , ralph fiennes delivers a good performance as the red dragon . for anyone who has n't seen this movie , it 's a must see ! ! ! ! 
dvd pos 93.txt i like this movie . a meeting happened in our life is very special and nearly miracle , but we do n't think so almost always . the story except political things in this movie is thinkable around here . screenplay and performance of both bill nighy and kelly mcdonald have led this movie to the excellent one . ps : i do n't understand why this movie is not released in japan 
dvd pos 730.txt when this show was on back in the day on fox i couldnt believe i was actually watching something i could relate to . there doesnt seem to be really that many tv shows that deal with dark and the real life experinces of real people . if ya ask me when it was on . it was actually something that gave me some relief . i deal everyday with some experinces re-lated to the show . its somewhat of a constant battle . enough about me . im really glad all 3 seasons are out . and im also glad i didnt have to wait many years either . one thing i didnt like about fox when titus was on they kept moveing it around . it wasnt fair for the show . then the next thing ya know there were some repeats then it was gone . im not really happy with fox cause titus still should be on tv or had a much longer run then it did . i hope chris shows up in something else soon . hes got one of those faces ya never forget 
dvd pos 715.txt i loved this show and have been waiting for it to come out on something so i could watch the episodes again...i ca n't wait for season two to come out . if you were a fan of this show , you have to get it. . 
health pos 54.txt i was surprised to open this pedometer page after sometime and see all the negative reviews it receives . i have been using this specific model for more than 3 months now and i am really satisfied with it . it is really accurate ( & lt ; 1% declination , i have performed more than four tests of more than 400 steps during different times of its life and i have seen a couple of cheap pedometers performing much worse ) , clips firmly to belt or pants , displays the time conveniently and has nice backlight , even has a radio which works , although as most people said , not really its best feature . the truth is that i am not using the radio at all , mostly because i believe the batteries will last longer and it will save me from extra trips to walmart . but i have tested it and it works , although nothing impressive there . of course , for the money , i think you cannot go wrong with this pedometer . one funny comment is that , although most people complain it cannot open very easily , after sometime it will open more easily that you think . actually it has been a couple of times where putting a bag on my shoulders or a waist pouch and applying some pressure on it by mistake , will open it wide , so it does not count any steps . but it does not open by itself anyway , needs external force for this to happen , so it does not happen often . all in all , i am sure that the plastic construction and the less than rigorous production testing will result in many pieces that do not function properly and will result in bad reviews . maybe i have been lucky , maybe not , but this has been one of the best and most reliable devices that i carry and use every day . and a great incentive for walking and exercising more 
health pos 712.txt i started taking anxietol 7 to help me with my stress at work . i am not usually a stressed out sort of person however i recently got transfered to nyc and i 'm from utah , just that move itself is enough to stress anyone out . i am working as a trader and it is very high energy . anxietol 7 is helping me cope with my new life here 
camera pos 835.txt my family goes swimming quiet a bit . i got the sports pack to take pictures of the kids underwater in the pool . this is a big hit . it works extremely well . i also highly recommend the sony dsc-t9 camera . it 's great for trips . it 's so small you can put it in your pocket and the pics look great 
books neg 300.txt american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree . i read the human stain a few years ago , and it was good . but , in pastoral , the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst , and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst , but absent the psychoanalyst : roth is our psychoanalyst . what he misses , however , is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control . the swede never failed as a father ; rather , he failed because he could n't let go of his sense of responsibility for her 
dvd neg 858.txt take some talented actors and put them in an age old story of smart kids versus dumb adults and you get more of the same . really , is this the type of movie we want to pawn off on our kids ? they deserve better . the key point of this movie is that lying is bad . good point . a device used to bring out the truth is creative pranks . also good . unfortunately , the pranks fall flat as they are totally implausible ( even kids will have a hard time believing a man ca n't tell he 's been dyed blue until he looks in the mirror ) , and since they are the device used to bring the movie to its conclusion , the entire thing falls flat . making films for children is a fine thing . they should n't be dumbed down or even given an uncritical eye just because they are for children , however . quite honestly , i 'd rather have a kid watch something like " good will hunting " before this . do n't waste your children 's time with this film . read them a book ... a good book ... instead 
health pos 419.txt i used this while breastfeeding my son...and while i only had one issue of chapping , it was a lifesaver . i loved it then and have used it on several other things since..great on chapped hands , lips etc. but i do n't know what i would have done without this wonder creme . and it 's an essential baby gift that i tend to give at showers ! 
books neg 377.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority 
health pos 467.txt used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids.. . kids will be kids.. . but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push . easy to mount and easy to use 
camera neg 113.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. . 
software pos 281.txt this is one program that in my opinion you get more than what you pay for i have several immaging programs that i use for several different things . this one is a delight to use and does a great job taking most of the work off the user . its a microsoft program that is very user friendly and easy to use . however you do have to be some what computer savy , ( like know where to turn on the computer kind of thing ) not like some of the 1 star comments that were made here by other folks . i would recomend it to all people that need a simple to use program . its not what you pay for something its what you do with it after you get it 
health pos 696.txt i have n't used it thoroughly yet . but from what i have seen so far , it is a pretty good scale to track your everyday fat loss progress . i am satisfied with this purchase for the price and quality and ease of use . i use it daily to track my body fat % and weight . so far used it for only myself . have n't checked it out for more than 1 users 
books pos 921.txt roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career 
dvd neg 146.txt george sluizer 's original dutch-french version of the vanishing ( aka the man who wanted to know ) offers one of european cinema 's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths , feeling his way one step at a time towards murder . if you 've seen that version , you probably still ca n't get the final revelation out of your head , but the film had plenty more to offer than that , playing with chronology , subverting the usual cliches of its ' lady vanishes ' plot ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive ) and throwing in some excellent characterization . i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself , but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work . his career never recovered . chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level . a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing , and this film is the proof of the pudding . every movement is overly mechanical in its precision , making him look like a rusty clockwork toy , while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie , latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville . no banality of evil here , just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying " please . let . me . kill . you . thank you . for your . consideration . ' but the blame really needs to be shared out here . none of the performances are good : often , they do n't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station , nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession . not that they 're given any help by either director or writer todd graff . the script is particularly weak . the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film . worse is the rush the film is in , draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next . rather than the high / low mood shifts in the couple 's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location , we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he 's probably better off without her . as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame ` let 's end on a joke like a tv cop show ' moment - best not go there.. . which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie . even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score ca n't do anything for this one . 
dvd neg 555.txt the movie is a piece of art . one of my all time favorites . the extended edition dvd is very badly compiled . the bonus features are sub par with bad video quality . the alternate ending and beginning look like they are from a totally different film , and do not have the bi look and feel . other special features are small and without much substance . the extended edition of the film itself is not spectacularly extended . it is not a director 's cut ( the dvd states this upfront in the opening credits ) so it not fun to watch . do n't get this if you are looking for a lotr style extended edition 
camera pos 533.txt we purchased this camera as a replacement for our bulky sony dsc-p52 , which stopped working after year or so due to a problem with the lens mechanism . naturally , only time will tell if this is any different , but in the meantime , here 's what you need to know about this baby : the good : 1 ) size and weight - fits almost comfortably in any pocket . much thinner and lighter than any previous digital camera i 've owned , thus encourages one to carry it most anywhere . the size is also pretty comfortable for one-hand shooting . 2 ) big lcd screen - you did n't need me to tell you this , right ? makes previewing images and taking shots much more satisfying , though sometimes it does not appear very clear , especially if the subject is not static . however , it is bright and rich in color . 3 ) infolithium - this is sony 's name for a battery that tells you how much time it has left - only approximately , of course . if use is consistent , will provide you with a good idea . if you use one function then another then another , it tends to vary much more and is not as useful . 4 ) integrated charger / usb station - a flimsy plastic cradle takes care of charging the on-board battery as well as providing a usb hookup for downloading images and video into the computer . minimizes wires and removes the need for a separate charger , though the bright white color is far from a match . the bad : 1 ) focusing problems - the camera cannot focus on objects that are relatively close to it . i am not speaking about macros , but simply the function - or lack thereof - to focus on small , near objects , such as coins , stamps , or text . quick focus on objects farther away , though . 2 ) integrated battery - i listed the infolithium as a positive , but the fact that you cannot just pop-in a couple of aa batteries means you will always need the station or the plug to charge up if you need some juice . i do n't know if the battery is universal , but even if it is , it will cost substantially more to purchase a replacement . 3 ) incompatible memory sticks - i will not complain about sony 's desire to make consumers pay more for its cards than adopting a standard , but this camera uses the memorystick duo , which is about 1 / 4 or so smaller than the " regular " memorystick . this means that the hundreds you may have invested in memory cards for previous sony digital cameras are pretty useless , as they do not fit into this or any other device using the smaller cards . 4 ) ineffective flash - the flash is tiny , thus does not provide adequate illumination in the dark . within a few feet is okay , but farther subjects are not touched . 5 ) 3x optical zoom - c'mon , this is 2005 ! 3x optical zoom is pretty pathetic for such an expensive camera . 6 ) slow write speed - there is a decent pause between pictures , meaning you not be able to shoot at a rapid rate . you can certainly take pictures in bursts , but it takes even longer to write to the memory stick . previewing the images is also slow . this is also disappointing , as it 's not faster than my older p52. 7 ) no tripod hookup - if you wish to use a tripod , you have to mount the camera on the plastic station , then connect the tripod to the plastic dock . this is far from ideal . well , there you have it . the negatives i listed may be insignificant for you , in which case this could be a great value for you . i am certainly happy with it , but i only wish sony would stop treating its customers like cash cows with changing standards , compatibilities , and dubious long-term quality 
music pos 24.txt i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive . 
camera pos 181.txt it seems surprising that canon would make a product out of anything but the best materials . lensmate makes a superior product out of aluminum in black and silver 
dvd pos 101.txt samba party workout 1 : brazilian rhythm celebration is competently hosted by vanessa isaac and provides a lively and energetic 35-minute introduction to the amazing and passionate world of samba dancing . educating the viewer in an easy-to-follow , step-by-step , simplified instructional manner , samba party workout 1 brings a surplus of life into the enjoyable activity of dance with this unique and invigorating style , engaging the viewer both physically and mentally . a welcome addition to any personal or music / dance school instructional dvd collection , samba party workout 1 is very highly recommended for its " user-friendly " construct and intriguing content to all viewers looking for a fun and lively " how to " guide to dancing the samba ! 
health neg 829.txt this is n't what i thought it would be . the instructions are unclear , so i had to refer to the box to guess at how to install it . i finally figured it out after about 10 minutes of fiddling with it . you have push down on the top to get more than a tiny bit of gel out - so it takes two hands . that means that once you put gel on your face , you get gel on the machine . i set mine machine to the hottest setting for it to feel warm . this must be a safety thing , but i ca n't imagine what the lower settings are for . the gel cools extremely fast , so by the time you apply it to your face , only the gel where you first apply it feels warm . i had the same machine for foam and that worked a lot better , but i do n't use foam shaving creme anymore . once i use up this can of gel , the hot gel machine gets retired . 
dvd neg 133.txt the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone . the movie is a nokia product placement , highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and , conversely , what a phone can do for you if you have one . the plot centers on jessica ( kim basinger ) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need . mystery #1 : what is it ? after lots of running / driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica 's family , while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them . mystery #2 : how will the cell phone save the day ? mystery #3. watch for the credits at the end of the film . they show up on a.. . ? yep , you got it 
health neg 14.txt be sure to measure your arm before purchasing.. . it 's annoying to receive the unit with the standard adult arm cuff ( fits arms 9 to 13 inches around ) and find out i have to order a larger arm cuff ! do n't bother calling omron " customer service " at 1-800-634-4350... just a typical big company voice mail hell ! it even tells you to call another number to order the piece.. . my 1 star rating is only for the ordering information not provided and omrons " customer service 
software pos 788.txt i purchased this product needing to work on a personal legal ( nonbusiness ) matter , so the noncommercial license was fine for my " home " use . good thing i checked with corel after buying it and seeing the " home edition " captions not only on the total suite packaging but underneath the " wordperfect " and " quattro pro " components ( inside front box folding cover with velcro ) . corel ultimately confirmed to me that " certain components that are designed for the business customer , such as legal tools , metadata removal , document compare , quickfinder to name a few are not included in the home edition version . " corel needs to make this clearer in their marketing of the " home edition . " i focused on the word processing application , but the quattro pro application is also captioned as " home edition " so it may be missing some features available in the quattro pro included in other suite versions ( standard , pro , student / teacher , etc. ) . the home edition may still be suitable for some users , but i 'm a strong believer in " full disclosure . " wordperfect itself is a great program . try setting point sizes with decimals in word - - you can't . try changing the size of the font in legal pleadings in word - - there 's no direct control of it ( the microsoft site instructs you to change margins and number of lines per page to attempt to get word to adjust the font size ) [but remember , you need any wordperfect version other than home edition to get legal tools] 
books pos 555.txt i love this book ! it is a terrific blend of hand-holding and concrete advice for writers . each chapter takes the writer / reader through the tough questions we face when we sit down to write : how do we begin ? where do ideas come from ? is there a ritual we can create that will help us begin ? i like the fact that i could use this book as a resource . in other words , i did not have to read it cover to cover . rather , it truly serves as a guide , a mentor 's guide , that can serve me as i continue to write . i really liked the movie section , where cathleen rountree uses movies to make points about the writing process . i found those sections inspirational and useful . if you want to be a writer or if you are already writing , i urge you to buy this book 
music neg 691.txt these covers are pretty bad . some good ones have been done , cameron mcgill @ the uncommon ground tribute , big sir 's everybody here wants you is good , but this is bad , no matter what entertainment weekly 's review might say . avoid , buy a real jeff or tim album 
dvd neg 512.txt sure , this was heaped with loads and loads of popular acclaim by the critics , but the question you should be asking yourself is , will it appeal to the average person ? the simple answer here is a loud and resounding no . here are the reasons : 1 ) unless you 're a well-bred blue blood who knows all about edward ii and loves shakespeare , this is extremely hard to follow , not just because of the archaic olde english-speake , but also due to choppy production and editing which impedes the plot coherence . result ? if you 're not lost you will soon will be , and worse yet , you wo n't care ; 2 ) do n't be fooled by the lure of annie lennox-she is an itsy-bit of a bit player in the overall run of this " movie " and is , for all intents and purposes , inappropriately placed in the middle of it much like the effect of having an mtv commercial rammed in the middle of your programme ; 3 ) let 's be clear about what you 're getting for your 10-15 dollars : it 's not a movie at all , but an arty-pretentious stab at cheap play production with less cinematography than your average soap opera or home movie . further , the " period " is thematically juxtiposed with costumes of old and new , making one more likely to ponder whether their budget was short , not what cutty-edgy-trendy-theme-within-a-theme are they trying to promote . who knew such a tantillizing , heart-wrenching piece of history could be rendered so dull ? 
books neg 919.txt i ordered the book from them on nov1. on nov 15 i called and they told me they did n't have it . the money was returned by amazon 
health neg 130.txt old spice is a great-smelling cologne and i 've worn it for years . my dad wore it when i was growing up and i remember he almost always smelled of it . it 's a great cologne for lean , athletic guys who love retro ; it 's been around for decades and is a classic for masculine men . it takes a certain type of guy to pull off wearing the stuff . the smell really draws attention to a guy so he better keep his body hard and fit if he wants that type of attention , otherwise he 'll just be annoying . old spice cologne actually smells better if you let it age in the bottle for a long time ; exposing it to heat helps to age it ( leave a bottle in the car or attic in the summertime or outside in your tool building ) . trust me , it smells awesome if you let it age . i meant to rate this a five star but hit the wrong toggle . i 'm proud to say i 'm carrying on the tradition of wearing old spice cologne . it 's not nerdy and it 's not just for older men . it 's a cologne for any masculine guy . it smells great 
books neg 786.txt i tried , i really did , but i could n't get beyond 100 pages . i love iris johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one , almost as if she were forced to do so . it contained none of her usual style . the dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters . i 'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical ij style . 
camera neg 622.txt these are not pioneer boxes . these are mbi boxes . i bought them and was very disappointed since i also have bought pioneer boxes before , and when i compared with the mbi , the latter one is much less sturdy and even the index cards are flimpsy compared with the pioneer's . do not buy these . also , adorama 's customer service is very unfriendly in regard to making their customers satisfied . they insist that they are the same , that i need to return them on my cost , because of their mistake . they flew from one reason to another with blame from that they have never carried pioneer products , to amazon 's mistake in naming them pioneer . but then their own website also has named them pioneer . anyway , just reconsider about buying any products from this company . it 's not worth it , considering the shipping is outrageously high . it is my honest opinion . 
health pos 661.txt nizoral anti-dandruff shampoo seems to be a very good product . i noticed a difference the first time i used it - - there was no residue on my scalp , and my flakiness was greatly reduced . it produced a very rich lather , also . the only thing i did n't like about it was the possibility that i 'd have an allergic reaction to the ingredients , but the instructions did n't tell which ingredients might make this happen . i , myself , am sensitive to many products , and did n't have any reaction to the ingredients of the shampoo . i would recommend this product to others 
camera neg 33.txt looks nice . unfortunately did not power up the camera , so i ca n't say much else . going to cost me return shipping at the very least . sorry i did n't buy the canon product instead 
dvd neg 354.txt i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd . i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me . the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth 
software neg 677.txt i spent 3 days trying to get this installed . i think the complication was that i had norton systemworks 2005 and wanted to add the nav 2006 on top of it . well i finally got it done , but not until i 'd restored my system to a backup from before i 'd installed nsw 2005. at that point i had nsw 2003 installed . i had to manually uninstall that and remove tons of entries from the registry . norton 's automated uninstall failed over and over so i gave up on that and did it by hand . then i installed nsw 2005 with nav . when i went to install nav 2006 it was unable to uninstall the old version . so i had to restore the system again . this time i installed nsw 2005 without nav . i was then able to install nav 2006. it is working now . it just should n't be this difficult 
software pos 628.txt wonderful game a true challange for any die hard friends fan two big thumbs up ! ! ! ! 
software pos 760.txt the engine behind this program is from chief architect , who , from what i understand , are developers of professional cad software . it shows in this program . while this program has one of the best 3d walk around and capabilities , i tend to judge this and others by the drawing tools that it possesses . and this one has some good usable tools . like most consumer level landscaping programs , this one has photo import so you can design around an actual photo of your home . unlike other programs , the bhg software allows you to import and mask your own plant images . this is a great feature that my own program has which gives much better visualization with plants you might actually use . all the important stuff that we need to create a sellable visual landscape is there . for now , and with the choices i know of that are available to you , i find this to be the best consumer level landscape and garden program out there . this design software comes with an easy to understand tutorial cd . it was easy to install and start using right away . i think most folks would do quite well with this one . 
dvd pos 551.txt one of the best new sitcoms in recent years.. . up until i got the dvd i had no idea bob saget was the narrator.. . neil patrick harris is very funny as barney ( who names thier kid that these days ? ) and basically makes the show what it is...... . legendary ! 
books pos 671.txt leonaur ltd. is publishing the definitive edgar rice burroughs 21st century editions . these usually contain 2 books of the different erb major series in order - thus far john carter , pellucidar , and carson of venus . in the future , possibly tarzan ! these books are handsome and my rating is mainly based on this - the erb fan knows best about the rest of it . this first volume of joh carter of mars contains 2 / 3 of the greatest science fiction / fantasy trilogy ever . what is nore remarkable is that these were published over 40 years before tolkien 's lotr and over 50 before tolkien became fashionable . " a princess of mars " , " the gods of mars " , and " the warlord of mars " are erb 's greatest work . it is sad , in a way , that tarzan obscures erbs mars novels for the general public . these books deserve to be beter known , and it is astonishing no movie or tv adaptation has ever been attempted ( which might be a good thing , after all ! ) . if only steven spielberg or peter jackson were interested ! of course , genre and erb aficionados have long know and cherised these great stories . i wonder how many others were first attracted to these by the magnificent ballantine editions of the 1960s ? if you are a fan as am i , support leonaur ltd. 's efforts by buying these magnificent books . 
camera neg 991.txt if you are going to lay out $500 for a camera , you should expect a fair amount of camera . however , i have a few gripes here . first , there is no remote control for it which makes setting up a shot tough . all the nikons in the d series can use a wireless remote . you can buy an underwater case for those magnificent nikons so you can shoot underwater . you can get over 10 megapixels in a d80 , or d200 and you get that great nikkor lens . you do n't get much of a lens on the dc500 , and 5 megapixels do n't get you very far when it comes to printing and publication quality images . lets face it : this is an expensive point-n-shoot camera for a tourist , not a serious camera . nuff said . - 
dvd pos 933.txt i like this video for it 's frankness and straight forward approach of a woman enjoying herself . like yoga , it requires slowing down and noticing how your body feels while your watching it . the energy slowly rises and the woman increases it by playing with the tempo and rhythm of her touches . the quality of her session is unhurried and she is very relaxed and keeps her body still but her finger is moving in synchronicity with her orgasm . i found that in itself very interesting and different . it is refreshing to find a product that is different from the common depiction of women emulating ecstasy but one in which shows a woman actually really feeling what it feels like to create it in her body and show what it looks like . she shows a way of masturbating and stretching the sensation out that can really tweak your reality of how much pleasure a woman is capable of experiencing , a mind bender so to speak , and it challenges the cultural limitations of what orgasm is for a woman and how she experiences it 
books pos 786.txt this book is for anyone who has ever questioned their faith , lost a loved one , or yearned to understand life just a bit more . sarah darer littman has captured justine silver , a confused jewish girl , within the pages of confessions of a closet catholic . justine is surrounded by her faith , but no one seems to celebrate it the same way . her parents have one idea , her grandparents another . and then there are all those other religions - - which way is the " right " way ? bewildered by this , justine seeks answers by deciding to adopt her best friend 's catholic beliefs . with the help of father ted ( a stuffed animal ) , a secretly purchased rosary , and a " stolen " cross necklace , jussy turns her closet into her own private " confessional " . what will happen when her family finds out ? littman humorously and compassionately shows the readers justine 's life as she struggles with her religious questions , her neat-nick mother , and , sadly , the death of her beloved grandmother . readers might not find out all the answers from justine , but they will definitely know they are not alone in the mysterious world of religion . reviewed by : sally kruger , aka " readingjunky 
health neg 445.txt i have very thick , very coarse , wavy hair . when my two year old chi straightening iron broke , i needed to replace it quickly ! locally the only iron i could find was the t3 tourmaline iron , so i thought i 'd give it a try . it cost more than the chi , was sold at a fancy salon , and could even be used on damp hair . surely it would be a good replacement . unfortunately , it failed to impress . -it did not leave my hair silky smooth . while my hair was certainly straighter , it still looked coarse . ( this was on the hottest setting and with several passes over the hair ) -because my hair is so thick , an iron needs to reduce the volume . the t3 failed in this respect , too . -i thought i would like the larger ( almost 2 " ) iron surface . the t3 has a perfectly flat surface , which made it impossible to get a flip or curl on the ends . needless to say , i returned it quickly to the pricey salon and will be getting another chi ! perhaps this brand would work better for someone with fine hair , since the temperature can be adjusted 
books neg 805.txt need i say more than the above title suggests ? okay , so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons and epiphanies from the voice of experience . there are some touching moments in this book , but even then there is still something the author is lacking . i saw the movie when it was in theatres and i have just finished reading the book . i liked the movie soooooooooo much better than the book . the movie was funny , entertaining , touching , personal , and sad at times . the book did not captivate me at all . i had trouble staying focused . considering beverly donofrio 's credentials- -a bachelor 's degree in english from wesleyan university and a master of fine arts in creative writing- -her quality of writing is very poor . her quality of writing is more like someone who has only a highschool education , if even that . and not to go off topic , but since donofrio has a master of fine arts in creative writing from a top notch school like columbia u , then why does n't she write about something else besides her getting pregnant in highschool and how that has changed her life ? i mean , after all , the mfa is in creative writing , meaning she should be more creative rather than just write autobiographies all the time . she has only wrote 2 books- -riding in cars with boys , and looking for mary , both about her getting pregnant at a young age . if you liked the movie , just leave it at that . do n't bother reading the book unless you enjoy getting disappointed . and if you 're interested in a novel or autobiography about teen pregnancy , then go to the local library . do n't get this one . there 's other novels covering the same subject that are far superior to this one . 
dvd pos 67.txt i thought the movie was great ! nothing like the gospel to me ! ! do n't compare ! billoah is sexy baby ! he played zulu ! ! ( pretty eyes ) the movie was very funny also and taught a lesson in love ! ! ! 5 star movie ! ! **** 
software pos 438.txt this is going to be a great program that will benefit our family in producing fantastic photos and films 
software pos 4.txt adobe photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . it 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . there is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve 
health neg 15.txt in the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them . i wish i had known this before . now i have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it . do not buy for body fat measurement 
books neg 63.txt i am not a right winger whatsoever , am against our involvement in the mid east but did read this book . i ca n't say it better than alan dershowitz who commented about chomsky 's writing in general : many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16 
dvd pos 477.txt jean renoir 's masterpiece , ' the grand illusion ' , is truly a film about humanity - it is a universal theme , something we can all understand and relate to . the triumph of the human spirit in the most troubled times , is kind of an ironic theme considering hitler 's imminent rise to power and the ensuing war that would alter the course of history . nevertheless , jean renoir 's poetic homage to brotherhood is one of his most beloved films . it is not hard to like this movie the acting and direction are superb - jean gabin is one of the all time great actors. . jean renoir 's innovative approach would influence countless directors to come , including orson welles. . criterion did a marvelous job on this dvd - also worth getting is ' the rules of the game ' jean renoir 's greatest satire 
dvd neg 331.txt as someone said in an earlier review , the movie is split up into two parts . the first part , training camp , was good . i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam . after that , i found it unwatchable . the main character is so annoying , i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast . if you 're looking for a good war movie , look elsewhere . 
camera neg 47.txt i got this for my s70. first off , in order to use it , you have to set the s70 to " radio control " ( about 9 button pushes ) . then you had better stay no further away than six feet or so ( and only in *front* of the camera-the remote does n't work from the rear ! ) . oh , and if you want to adjust your framing , forget it-the zoom is immobilized . if you need a " cable release , " i strongly suggest simply using the self-timer built into the camera . it gives you 2-second and 10-second settings , and you 're almost certain to have a steady tripod by that time . 
music neg 755.txt i did n't listen the disk but know the recording label . never heard anything good produced by the company in several occasions when i was hooked by the low price : very poor immitations . just go for the real things 
books neg 829.txt this book was required reading for a class on children 's literature . so , naturally , i was expecting the very best samplings of what was out there . the beginning was quite exceptional . i even invited my husband to read it with me since we share good finds to read together in the evening . we were about 75% of the way through before its magic halted and it turned to various detailed descriptions of the main character 's female body parts . due to this we feel it falls short as an example of wholesome children 's literature . we set the book down and did not finish it . if you are looking for good children 's literature that completely steers clear of naked images instead of turning to them to keep the pace of the book going , then this book will be a let down . sad , because up until that point , the writing was quite good . 
music pos 695.txt i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song 
dvd pos 614.txt ed friedlin is a monthly writer for bass player magazine . he covers in an excellent way how to slap , pop , mute , develop a groove , how to play with drum machines , ghost notes , and does some licks in larry graham , louis johnson , and marcus miller style and it is laid out in a very good manner . very good instructional video 
books neg 969.txt i have yet to read this book , however , so far the ***** average rating is quite suspicious.. . each one of the three *****-reviewers , does not have a single other review in their profile . i am at the stage where i am trying to learn as much as possible about spreads ' trading , so i would greatly appreciate if someone who actually has real-life experience trading futures spreads and who has also read this book , to do everyone of the rest of us a favor , and post an honest review - please , we need a counterbalance to the nonsense posted by those who are most likely associated w / the author or his publisher. . 
software neg 236.txt i agree with others who said it crashes the system . overall , i found ss6 pro had more problems than it was worth- -even if it were free , it 's not worth all the time and effort . besides all the crashes , downloading the virus / spyware updates via dialup takes forever ! each download runs 1 to 1 1 / 2 hours . be forewarned . in the end , i returned my copy to vcom , though to date i have not yet received a refund 
health neg 310.txt this is the worst shaver i have ever used . it is cheaply made and completely useless . do n't waste your mone 
software neg 443.txt very limited photo touch up . when it comes time to burn you might as well have customer service on the phone . pretty much a total piece of crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
books neg 572.txt i was very disappointed in the content . there were not enough color plates and transparency in the color was lacking . many of the instructions were used with black and white sketches and plates . many of kautskys subjects and scenes appeared to me to be " pre watercolor career " pencil sketches which i recognized . dark somber and sparse in my opinion 
software pos 742.txt i was a little diappointed when i found out that i would have to buy more versions to get continued training on this subject . 
books neg 494.txt i could n't finish this book after readng " fairytale . " misfit insecure caucasian male falls for asian stripper / prostitute after she listens to him talk about the odor of his sweat in the outdoor markets . i thought possibly this story reveals a lot about olen butler . he wrote about this relationship with such relish , he sounds to me like a p.c. caucasian who is drawn in patronizing fashion to the " otherness " of asian people and does n't see them for what they are , just wants them to appreciate big strong white man . i thought it interesting that in the story the woman never mentions to the man that she already has a young son living with her mother . so she was not honest with him . but olen butler wrote about her as if this stripper / pros . was wonderful , the kind of wife any man would want . i shook my head and thought , " you have issues . " probably if she were caucasian he would not want to get near her for fear of catching something . after this the other stories just did not appeal to me 
camera neg 78.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
health neg 683.txt this shaver holds a great charge and you can use it in the shower , but that 's about it . the shave is n't very close , and it takes a long time to shave . to do your underarms is somewhat painful with the pulling of the razor 
music neg 605.txt this cd and the one entitled " night ranger 's greatest hits are almost identical , but are different in this way : " best " contains " i did it for love " . " greatest " contains , instead , " rumours in the air " and " restless kind " . the other 10 tracks on each cd are the same . so , which one to buy ? my choice is the one with the extra track . also , in my opinion , both tracks on " greatest " are better than the one on " best " . in addition , here 's hoping that the band or record label decides to release a true " greatest hits " or " best of " album that will contain about 15 or 16 songs . or maybe a multi-disc compilation that will include some rare tracks . night ranger fans would surely delight to see something like that 
health pos 231.txt what a sinfully awsome tasting way to get rid of chapped lips 
dvd neg 693.txt i enjoy greek mythology and i love this story . although there was alot of bad acting especially from the lead character jason , who acted like he was stoned throughout the film . i was expecting the hydra guarding the golden fleece but got a oversized komoto dragon ( lost me there ) this film had potential but the director went off on some wierd drug indused trip . overall i was dissappointed and was expecting more . sorry 
music neg 213.txt hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad 
health pos 942.txt i am very fair and find it difficult to enjoy the sun because i constantly burn . i have tried everything and have never been completely satisfied . i went on my honeymoon to the maldives in november and was able to stay out in the sun , go swimming and i did not have to constantly reapply . i did n't get burned once ! bull frog superblock is the best sunblock around 
software neg 359.txt i upgraded from wordperfect office 12 to x3 , but have returned the upgrade to wordperfect . the much touted ability to import pdf files is so poorly implemented that it is all but unusable . in addition , the wordperfect mail component will not load data files while my antivirus ( zonealarm ) is running in the background . corel technical support takes no responsibility for the incompatability . do not upgrade unless these issues are addressed 
camera pos 603.txt great product , great price , great company , quick delivery . we love the small size 
books pos 885.txt mark l . sirower 's thought-provoking and complex book is actually a critically acclaimed academic study that challenges the reasoning behind corporate acquisitions . pointing out that acquisitions usually devalue the acquiring companies ( a loss from which they rarely recover ) , sirower delves into management fundamentals and mathematical analyses to get to the bottom of merger and acquisition problems . three detailed appendices feature plenty of financial calculations , performance measures and data from various corporate acquisitions to back up his assertions . we [...] recommend this book to those involved in mergers and acquisitions and to other readers intrigued by the inside view of this " carnivorous quest . 
music neg 754.txt there are some artists who have been active since the 60 's and 70 's and who are still producing vibrant , excellent music . paul simon , say , or bob dylan . kate bush , though she started a little later . all of these artists have evolved past their original sound but are still great . joni mitchell should have stopped when she was ahead . maybe i do n't rate as a jm fan because i 've only heard blue , but i 've listened to that album hundreds of times times over the years . i wanted to find out what she was up to since then , and bought this album . all i have to say is , it was like nails on a chalkboard . i was expecting her to change and grow , but not into some pale ghost of the 60 's droning on about the evils of commercialism and modernism . the lyrics are old and tired , and the instrumentation is hackneyed and stale , too . the only good lyrics on this album were provided by yates . at least her paintings are good . 
dvd pos 570.txt the shipment was fast also the email response before . the vhs was in very good shape , almost like new ( as said in the description ) 
health neg 679.txt i bought this item for the warmth . the heat level is so low that i never can tell when the heat is on . as for the massage , it 's about what i expected - no good at all . overall , i would say this item is worthless . 
camera pos 179.txt wonderful camara , excellent characteristics , has an ample selection of accessories available and protected by one of you lead in manufacture of camaras and lenses 
music pos 464.txt as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late 1960 's through the mid 1980 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a " must-have " for all iron butterfly fans 
dvd pos 182.txt i was so pleased to find this movie on amazon.com . i had watched it as a child and pinned over it when i could not find it in stores over the years . this is such a pure love story , with the main characters completely selfless and yet charmingly real . there are too few unpretentious , untampered romantic movies around these days . most reveal too much - literally . but this one leaves you truly satisfied while lending pleasant modesty to a normally scandalous genre 
software pos 52.txt simple . it loads like a blaze . sure all the new frills and features like easy annotations are neat , but the speed of 7.0 alone makes it worth every dime . especially if your current acrobat is the half-baked clunky 6.0.x that burst through the gates before it had legs . 
music pos 255.txt i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . " all my days " is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . " breathe " has a subdued yet powerful message . " home " is just plain fun . " song for you " is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of " orange sky " is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n't dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original " orange sky " may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an " orange sky " that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own 
books pos 32.txt this book gives a thorough analysis on how public policies were the catalysts for the socioeconomic destruction of low-income communities of color in new york city . necessary reading for those who still do not realize that activism and organizing are important vehicles through which marginalized communities keep in check the forces that seek to further fragment and disenfranchise them 
camera neg 849.txt my coolpix 8800 lapsed into " system error 2 " mode within weeks of getting it . after taking 3 or 4 shots the error message comes up and i have to shut it down and start it back up to take a few more shots before the error 2 message recurrs . nikon says to try a fresh battery and different storage card...no help . now nikon says says send it in and we 'll fix it - but do n't say what it will cost.. . the shots i do get are n't as good as an hp camera we have that was half the price . the controls are ridiculously complex . the flash pops up and fires when shooting in bright light...the whole thing is a piece of junk . the only good shots i 've gotten with it are inside shooting documents from 2 feet away...but for any outdoor complicated lighting it is unreliable.. . i would n't recommend this camera or any nikon product to my worst enemy....oh yeah , and they made the lens an oddball size so you have to buy overpriced nikon filters for it... . 
music pos 293.txt if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch&quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e&quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging&quot ; stumbble and fall&quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first 2 seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have 
software pos 21.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful . 
music neg 61.txt this album is the worst dcfc album , why........ . ill tell you why its boring , its repetitive , its way to mellow and im all for mellow but this is ridculous . i mean this is the type of mellow that puts people to sleep , especially the last track . oh my god ! ! ! that song is sooooo boring , its called stability and it will put you to sleep . i am a fan of dfcf and i loved their other albums we have the facts , plans , etc.... . but honestly this album did not click with me . i tried listing to the songs again to see if i would probably grow accustome to it , but no that didnt work . sure this album has its moments , but trust me when i say your not missing out on anything . i would not buy the album , instead buy the 2 stand out songs off itunes or napster ; a movie script ending and we laugh indoors . the only 2 stand out tracks 
health neg 903.txt like the reviewer below , my dryer also stopped working within a short period . it was never dropped or misused - - after about a month , it simply refused to turn on when plugged in . now , there is a decent warranty for the product . however , with the money you spend on shipping and the $4 they request for handling / return shipping , buying another inexpensive dryer starts to sound like a better deal . i do n't know if the other reviewer and i got the only two lemons , but since we both found our way to amazon with this review , i would n't recommend the product to other buyers 
music neg 757.txt let me tell you , shayne ward is just one of those pop singers who only go by looks , if he looked like shrek he would not be anywhere today , face it girls your only buying this because you fancy him . look at justin timberlake , where is he today , they go and move on , and thats what shayne will do except alot faster . this song is so rubbish , the thing i hate so much is that he did n't even write this ! so its not his own material , and let me take you in on a little secret he does not care about this song , its not like these lyrics mean anything to him , as he did not write . and on " no promises " thats even worse than this , yes he might of wrote it i do n't know , but does the song have depth , or is it just a plain old expected pop song . by the way it 's the second one . shayne ward has no protential , neather does anyone who comes of x factor , its all just one big [... 
software neg 792.txt terrible product , confusing , not easy to use like mcafee . not meant for a basic computer user 
health neg 790.txt i bought this apple humidifier in early november . it stopped working soon at the first time i used it . i later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again . you have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working . i contacted the manufacturer and got replacement . however , the new one has the same problem , and what 's worse , it leaks ! ! i talked to the manufacturer again , but they did n't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else . now i have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do 
health neg 881.txt i bought these for my dad for christmas and they did not fit his head , they did n't even fit mine and i have an average size head . another thing , they did not look cool at all , they were ridiculous looking , nothing like the photoshopped pictures 
camera neg 351.txt we have had this camera for about a year . we wanted an inexpensive camera but buying this was a big mistake . the picture quality is terrible and now it is not even working . we have a canon powershot a60 as well and have been very happy with the performance . i would not recommend this polaroid camera to anyone 
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music . 
music pos 718.txt after leaving ( or being dismissed from ) pink floyd in 1968 due to his lsd use & erratic behaviour , singer / songwriter / guitarist syd barrett re-emerged in 1970 with his debut solo album , " the madcap laughs . " the album did not come easy , as syd never fully recovered from his drug use , and it clearly shows in his ragged performances on " madcap laughs . " producer malcolm jones did what he could with syd for about half of the album , before handing the production reigns over to barrett 's former floyd mates roger waters & david gilmour to finish the job . throughout the album , bum notes are played , beats are missed , and barrett sings off-key . and on the rocker songs , the session players ( from the group the soft machine ) sound like they are struggling to keep up with syd , who could hit a rough patch at any moment . for any other artist , this would all be nothing short of disastrous . and yet....in the case of syd barrett , any and all mistakes are immediately forgiven . why ? because barrett 's songs on " the madcap laughs " are all wonderfully written , and although syd 's voice and guitar-playing are obviously not in tip-top condition , you can plainly hear on this album that he 's trying . he 's really , really *trying* to do his best , and his efforts really do shine through . for every bum note there 's a passage that syd plays beautifully , for every missed beat there are many beats that are hit right on schedule , and for every note that syd sings off-key , there are many moments where his very distinctive , british voice is magical . and of course , there 's syd 's lyrics . you may not know what all of them actually *mean* , really , but to my ears , they 're still poetry . the rockers are still powerful ( " no good trying , " " no man 's land , " the rockabilly fun of " here i go , " and the classic " octopus " ) , and the softer numbers still have great beauty to them ( " terrapin , " the passionate " dark globe , " the effective " golden hair " - --based on a james joyce poem- --and " long gone " ) . even the more ragged numbers like " feel " and " if it 's in you , " somehow still hang together quite well ( amusingly , we even hear some brief banter from syd in the middle of " if it 's in you , " as his voice goes wildly off the map , he stops playing , prepares for another take , and finally gets through the song ) . when all is said and done , " the madcap laughs , " warts and all , is an excellent album . it is a flawed masterpiece , and it shows that syd barrett , even with his mind irreversibly fractured by this point , was still a genius musician . 
software neg 845.txt i purchased the upgrade since i 'd already bought both office v.x and virtual pc 6.1 last year . the biggest letdown is that microsoft 's promised support for the g5 is nearly non-existent . i have a dual processor g5 with an ati radeon 9800 card ( apple ) , and after trying to install virtual pc 7 three times , i cannot get a vm to work . it did install ( and work ) flawlessly on my g4 powerbook . googling for reviews finds it 's very hit or miss , but if ( when ) it misses , you 'll regret investing the extra $$$ in an immature product 
camera neg 724.txt i was extremely disappointed with this camera . it 's a shame there is no option for zero stars , because it does n't even deserve one . i bought two of them for a vacation to belize because we were planning to do a lot of activities in and around the water , and we were hoping to capture those memories without risk to our digital camera . now i really regret not putting a little more money into a waterproof case for our digital camera rather than wasting money on this camera and developing pictures that were only worthy of the garbage can . all of the pictures from both cameras were very grainy - terrible , terrible quality . the camera that we took pictures with while diving was slightly better than the one we never even submerged in the water . those pictures were so grainy that we could n't even tell what the pictures were supposed to be of . extremely disappointing for a camera that was n't even submerged in water . not to mention both cameras said that there were more pictures left on the roll when there were none , so we took shots that we thought were going to be really amazing only to find that they were n't even on the negatives . i was so disappointed in this camera that i wrote to kodak and they offered to send me two new disposable cameras . unfortunately our trip to belize was a once in a lifetime trip , so i have absolutely no need for replacements - the damage is done . and i have no desire to ever use one of these cameras again . if you are planning on using a disposable waterproof camera for capturing valuable memories , do not waste your money on this one . the only thing you will receive from the photo lab is disappointment . i wish i had done more research before purchasing this one - please do n't even bother with it 
camera pos 611.txt i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else . 
books neg 767.txt i will not lash out against anyone , and i will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious , ostentatious egotism . that said , let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes jesus of nathareth 's solutions extremely difficult to accept . first off , it does n't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of jesus 's morals in general terms . if we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us , then we must provide a trenchant analysis of jesus 's codices . the key point here is that jesus 's older analects were deluded enough . his latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale . jesus 's peuplade appears to be growing in number . i indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet i keep reminding myself that jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations , circumvent any further litigation , and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death - - all by trumping up a phony emergency . his desire to control your bank account , your employment , your personal safety , and your mind is the chief sign that he 's a slaphappy caitiff . ( the second sign is that jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo " treatment " to cure my " problem " . ) perhaps i 'm reading too much into jesus 's ravings , but they do n't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests . jesus 's prcis are pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent , noxious feudalism . that 's pretty transparent . what 's not so transparent is the answer to the following question : does jesus 's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities ? a clue might be that every time he tries , jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions . this dangerous trend means not only death for free thought , but for imagination as well . jesus 's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity . and his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing . ( remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil ? ) jesus of nathareth has an agenda - - a political , social , and cultural agenda . and that 's all i have to say . 
music pos 374.txt this album iz off da freakin chain ! ! ! ! ! great music and grace slick iz the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
dvd pos 171.txt great movie - there is n't anything i can say that has n't been said 100 times . 
dvd pos 897.txt i 'm not a golfing buff , but found the story and golf very good . i enjoyed this movie very much 
books neg 681.txt chris bohjalian is a gifted stylist , and it pains me to give this book such a low mark . it 's hard to say much without giving away the plot , but i found the plot contrived and manipulative - - too clever for its own good . the book started strong , but as the main character became more disassociated with reality , i became more disassociated with the book . i finished it , but it was a struggle 
books pos 716.txt along with " from science to god " mr russell establishes himself as one of the masters of spiritual reawakening . although this piece has more doomsday in it than his later work , it has the same hopeful message and the same readability . in both books mr russell never seems to lose the reader in scientific mumbo jumbo , even when discussing very complicated subjects . that is n't a statement on his intelligence or research , but rather on his ability to communicate on all levels . neither does he offend when he deals with the spiritual aspects of his writings . in short everyone can sit around his table ( well , almost everyone ) . read'em twice . 
camera neg 438.txt very easy to set up , but no matter what i did , i got several horizontal interference bars . one very nice feature is a built in video modulator that allows you to connect to older tvs using a coax cable instead of rca . i am returning this product 
software neg 824.txt you will probably be more productive and less bug ridden if you stick with what you have . 15 years of outlook and you ca n't print a single address label or an envelope with one click . ( or 10 clicks for that matter ) there is no function to easily print out mailing labels either . lets remember outlook is a contact manager ... next to many other things.. . maybe outlook 2010 will be the answer . 
camera pos 86.txt i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value 
health pos 529.txt this dispenser is easy to install and works perfectly every time . after initially filling the dispensers , it took several pumps for the product to dispense but after that it comes out on the first push of the button . it has been very convenient in my shower and no more shampoo bottles all over the shower ! it also saves on my shampoo because the kids just push the button twice to dispense the amount they need instead of pouring shampoo out of the bottles and using more than they need 
dvd pos 869.txt i think " be my valentine , charlie brown " was fine . the only sad things were when charlie brown did n't get any valentines until a day later , and when linus missed giving valentine treats to his teacher . i would have felt the same way as violet when charlie brown was n't getting valentines . i would say charlie brown should have gotten as many valentines as the others . everybody is too mean to him ! " a charlie brown valentine " was swell because it was n't as sad . on this one , charlie brown seems to go after the little red haired girl through most of it . he wanted to dance with her , but couldn't . what sounded odd to me was that peppermint patty sent him a valentine this time . it would only sound like her if she really loved charlie brown 
software neg 580.txt once i figured this software out , i was able to do a slideshow of my pictures , integrate video , and produce a decent dvd . only problem is , it distorts all my video footage by forcing it into 4:3 whereas my dvd camcorder shoots in 16:9. this sucks . i have been buying other software packages ever since trying to get my video to stay in 16:9. roxio support did e-mail me back with the blanket statement that it does n't support 16:9 at this time . even in the new 7.5 version . roxio needs to join the rest of us in 2005 and bring their software to be compatible in widescreen 
dvd pos 510.txt this is one of the best movies starring children i have ever seen - ozu embraces their viewpoint - often litterally from their eye level . often in other ozu films like ' tokyo story ' , and ' early summer ' - we would see flashes of children from a strikingly noncondescending and , often times , humerous perspective . now in ' good morning ' we have an almost entire film devoted to childhood - and events that are important in the lives of these kids and their parents and family . like all ozu films it is gorgeously shot and in a bright colorful style full of wonderfull compositions . it is not as masterul as ' tokyo story ' of ' floating weeds ' - but it gives us a better understanding of ozu and how he saw the world - very charming film 
camera pos 541.txt of course , it had to be kodak . no matter what people say , i have always and will always use a kodak digital camera , i 've found this camera to be a real warrior , last one i had lasted about 4 year and this one looks even better , photo cuality its very good and colors are great , no excesive blue or red in your pics , night photo taking its excelent in close shots . 4 stars beacuse its really a batterie eater , but its nothing a 25$ batterie charger can ` t solve . sorry for grammar mistakes but english is not my natal lenguaje 
books neg 612.txt when yours truly was eleven and in reading class , " incident " was required reading . this had to be the most ridiculous book that i ever had the displeasure of reading . i mean , the boy is cared for by a badger ! badgers are mean and ornery critters that do n't much like people or even their own kind . i did not believe it at eleven , nor do i now . also , eckert certainly did n't need to include some of those descriptions . was it really necessary to describe a mother badger eating her offspring 's excrement ? what eleven-year-old wants to read about that ? so , for kids who like to read long descriptive passages about things they really did n't want to know about in the first place : this book 's for you 
camera neg 363.txt i 've owned this camera a little over a year . it was my 2nd digital camera . it always had focus issues in low-light . i thought it was me , but after working extensively with the manual , after i finally had some time , i discovered that it was the camera . you really need a tripod for those low-light shots . i was n't able to return it , so i 've taken hundreds of pictures with it . it takes beautiful pictures with good light and has a really nice size screen . however , the lens will no longer contract and i get an error message that is unresolvable unless i pay at least $170. i 'm just going to get a better quality camera . i will not buy sony again 
health pos 299.txt i 've tried several lumbar cushions from amazon and this one is the most comfortable , despite being so inexpensive . i only wish it did n't have the " wings " on the side 
camera neg 953.txt after receiving the case and trying to use it on the camera , i discovered it was very cumbersome and almost impossible to manipulate . for instance , you cannot access the cf card or camera with the attached portion screwed into the tripod mount , also , taking the front cover off to take a picture was a hassle . this is not useable for a carry-around use . i have it sitting in the corner of my office unused , spent good money for nothing . 
health neg 734.txt i searched around for a quite long time before i decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor , i have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son 's hair . very dispointed 
dvd pos 885.txt how did he have the time to write such a picture , to co-direct it , to act in it and after everything else to write its score ? noel coward 's energies , always remarkable , were redoubled during the second world war , and it must have seemed like another excuse to show off his patriotism , which he wore like a second skin despite his slummy upbringing . in which we serve is still worth watching , but it 's nowhere as appealing as either cavalcade or this happy breed , and its focus on the " life and death of a ship " ( the hms torrin ) is strangely monomaniacal , almost constructivist . over and over you see unattributed bare arms hammmering away , symbols of brute strength like something from a soviet film . the ship goes up . the ship goes down . a new ship rises out of the water . and in between coward tries his hardest to keep you interested in the lives of the men clinging to the lifeboat , till our interest settles on three- -bernard miles as hardy , with his striking , long , hatchet face and the deep voice that goes with it- -he should have played ichabod crane- -john mills as blake , a tiny little pipsqueak who 's feisty in the standard mickey rooney-jimmy cagney manner , and noel coward himself as captain kinross , tranquil with class privilege and , in the background , his glamorous marriage to the ineffable celia johnson ( so beautiful till she opens her mouth and those bits of teeth wobble around on her gums ) . hitchcok 's lifeboat had the same concentration on a handful of downed and wet actors playing nautical , but without coward 's complicated flashback structure . coward stalwarts joyce carey and kay walsh show up as the love interests for miles and mills respectively- -carey , in this movie and in brief encounter as well , treated very unusually for the 1940s as a woman not in her first youth , nor good-looking in any way , who 's given nevertheless a fullblooded and physical romantic interest . she must have kissed the ground every time noel coward walked on it . who else would have written such roles for her ? the movie is trying indeed when it goes " serious , " and yet that 's half the fun of it , seeing how often coward plays the " race " card- - " we are an island race " indeed . i teared up , of course i did , during the blitz as the v-1 rockets drop bomb after bomb on london households , leading to the death of several favorite characters , and again when coward leads his naval boys into dunkirk and out of it again with a panoply of half-nude british soldiers sipping tea or what looks like an enormous vat of kool-aid . outside of these scenes , however , the movie is marred by its agitprop and by david lean 's tiresomeness , in showing everything at such a glacial pace . ps , the film was shot by ronald neame who later became a director himself and whose " masterpiece , " the poseidon adventure , sometimes seems like a shot by shot remake of the disaster sequences of in which we serve 
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration 
dvd neg 893.txt when i first got this disc the other day , it would not play at all . i installed the latest firmware update to my xbox360 hd drive , and it played . however , it does not play well at all . the video is constantly " dragging " or skipping . the audio is fine though . i ca n't really provide a review of the content since , so far , it is unwatchable . this is the only disc that has given me issues 
software neg 16.txt the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap . 
music neg 706.txt sorry to say i 'm not a huge fan of tanghetto even after seening them play live at la viruta last month . few of the tracks are just undanceable and the music gets pretty boring after a while . i say if you want neuvo tango try narcotango or otro aires . 
camera neg 202.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
health neg 482.txt thought this would work , should have known better.a pen light would do the same thing.do not waste your money , or you will look as silly as me.i returned the piece of jun 
software pos 721.txt if you find imovie complicated , this product is not for you . if you prefer automatic quick solutions this product may not be for you . if you find that you would like more control of your video / audio than you find in imovie but do n't want to spend a lot of money , boy have you come to the right place . i take quite a lot of home video ( new baby and all ) and found that imovie would frustrate me when i could n't do some more advanced tasks . imovie is a great intro product . if you are new to video , use it until you find that you feel limited ( many will never will get to that point ) . when ( and if ) you find that you feel some constraints in imovie , then move up to fce . a note for most , imovie and fce typically are not for dvd / hard drive camcorders . they do n't have the output necessary to directly connect . you may want to check with your camcorder manufacturer to see what they have to convert the dvd / hd to content that is usuable in these products 
camera pos 542.txt i had this camera for 6 months and so far there have been no problems . the only flaw is that it dosent have a long battery time . it takes good pictures and short videos 
software pos 752.txt office 2007 was a very nice improvement over previous versions . the program was stable , for me at least , and the new interface was very nice . it may take a few minutes to find where some commands have been moved to but the result was a much cleaner interface . one thing that keeps in mind is that it uses a different file format from previous versions by default . there is the option of changing the format to the previous version but the default option is n't compatible with earlier programs 
music neg 235.txt ..of little teenage white girls trying to sound like thirty-year-old black women . first it was britney spears , then it was christina aguilera , now it 's joss stone . the former at least have something going for them ; britney 's first album had catchy beats , and even though aguilera 's style is incredibly trashy , she does have enormous vocal power and range if she would only stop trying so hard . try as i might , though , i just do n't understand the appeal of joss stone . i did n't buy this album ; a friend of mine likes it and i 've had to listen to it enough times to want to rip my ears right out of my head . i do n't see what is fresh or original about ripping off janis joplin and the generally much more talented black soul singers . maybe it 's the rick astley effect : you do n't expect that voice coming out of that face . you do n't expect a squinty little teenaged blonde to growl and screech like a deranged cat . but that effect can only take you so far , as rick astley himself found out . this album is not only an unpleasant listening experience because of the stupid songs ( " dirty man " basically just repeats " you 're a dirty man.. . " with very minor variations , along with a great deal of unnecessary caterwauling ) and the nails-down-a-chalkboard voice of stone herself - it 's a depressing reminder of how low our culture has sunk , when it ca n't come up with any culture based on its own heritage but slavishly copycats things from another culture that seems more " cool " . stone , like aguilera and spears , tries to sing like an older black woman , a woman with soul - an aretha franklin or a gloria gaynor . but stone et al . sound like little girls clattering around in grown-up shoes . they have n't been alive long enough to live similar experiences of the women they are trying to imitate . their singing rings hollow to me , show-offy and fake . stone could rival aguilera in shameless and unnecessary vocal theatrics , though she has nowhere near aguilera 's sweetness or range . her voice might be described as " smoky " by some ; to me it sounds gravelly , sandpapery , and as pleasant as scraping your knees on asphalt . i do n't understand why anyone in the right mind would willingly put themselves through the ordeal of listening to this cd , much less enjoy it . i guess fake is good enough for some people . it makes me chuckle , though , to hear people rave about her voice as " authentic " . if you 're looking for soul , try macy gray . she 's for real . try the hugely talented but woefully ignored tasmin archer and karen rodriguez . those are fresh , authentic voices that will make you realize what a load of bollocks joss stone and her ilk truly are . the only white woman i have ever heard who could sing like she was black was linda ronstadt . go back and listen to a ronstadt classic like " hurts so bad " and compare it to this modern-day drivel . ronstadt sang with real feeling , real knowledge , real pain - worlds apart from this fake plastic imitation of soul that seems to be the rule and not the exception these days . i gave this one star because there is no zero-stars option . joss stone is just a musical chav , an unconvincing shoplifter of another , better culture 
books pos 806.txt i first purchased this book when i was a freshman in college seven years ago . it is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing i have ever read . i love the plastic tabs that mark each section . this guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . so for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the mla style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . i have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . i really wish i had this book when i was in high school . i highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . i especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , i myself have add and before i got this guide i could not understand how to write a paper in the mla style or in any style other than a book report . i promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published 
camera neg 502.txt for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended 
camera pos 928.txt i 'd love to read a review from anyone who has purchased this camera , the aiptek zoom dv-6 mp image stabilizing camcorder w / 3x optical zoom . i see the claim that it has 3x optical zoom and cannot help but question this because i am unable to find this product on aiptek-dot-com and this cam has supposedly been available since july 30th , 2006. am wondering what gives with that ? please someone , post a review of this model and hopefully , some picture results too . let us know about this 3x optical zoom , please ! i had to pick a rating , so the four star rating was based on the mpvr version of this camera - - which i own and find to be a very decent gadget . mine is over a year old and still going strong - no problems with that model . mp3 's sound terrific . i convert movies for viewing on the camera while on the go and.. . " wow " for its quality . i have recorded sounds and more . very decent ! just drag and drop my files from my pc to the sd card and i can switch out movies and mp3's . i am happy with that model , but it does not have any optical zoom - just digital . still get pretty good pix tho , just use the various settings.. . my little homemade movies are good , very decent , but without additional lighting , indoor movies will be dark . this camera doesnt handle well in strong sun - i use an umbrella over my cam as i film . big diff . so , is this newer model really all that much better ? ca n't wait to know ! 3x optical sounds good. . 
camera neg 92.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
dvd neg 649.txt after reading a couple of other reviews about the & quot ; quality&quot ; of transfer on this dvd , i decided i wanted this in my collection . what i thought would be good or atleast a decent enough picture quiality , i was very dissapointed.the quality of transfer of the picture is horrible ! ! ! a great movie a total real diaster flick in picture quality . non anamorphic , deffintaly not remastered or digitally transfered . picture tones are very , very bad , along with what little color that is desplayed . almost a black & amp ; white picture with most of the entire movie too dark to make out what is going on . even with my brightness turn all the way up on my tv , it still was so dark it almost was n't worth continue watching.the only things positive on this dvd was the fact it was in widescreen and & quot ; suppossedly&quot ; in dolby digital ex . the beginning dolby intoduction was deffinatly in dolby and had good sound but the movie itself did n't distributeand dolby sounds that i could make out on my theatre sound system . sounded like mono to me.thsi dvd reproduction stinks and i suggest those that are into quality dvd and getting you money worth saty away from this & quot ; goodtimes video&quot ; version untill it is put on dvd correctly . why they botherd is beyond me . because i wanted to have a copy of this movie in widescreen , i am taping it on to vhs for my collection and going to try and return it for something better tommorrow . i suppsoe i 'll have to be content that i got the widscreen version on vhs for now untill they re-release it on dvd with better quality , or they show it on tv in widescreen which i highly doubt . heck , even taping it off tv you 'd get a better picture quality than this dvd 
software pos 133.txt i still have a lot of learning to do , but just what i 've been able to do with photos the last 2 weeks is amazing . i do n't know why i waited so long to buy this thing 
health neg 374.txt although i am definitely on the ' sonicare ' bandwagon in so far as this product 's ability to clean my teeth- -it does a great job- -this model brush is made quite poorly . the battery compartment ( the e3000 uses ' aa ' batteries ) on mine , regardless of it having an o-ring on the door , seems to be continually wet inside , with the negative ( - ) terminal on one of the aa-cells rusting after only two weeks use . philips acknowledges this is a problem but offers no solution . also , there are many small crevices in / around the nameplate on the side , and a large gap under the nut for the brush-head that accumulates ' gook ' on a daily basis . philips advises that this is probably ' mold ' and the brush should be ' disassembled and air-dried ' after every use . it takes longer to do this than to brush my teeth- - again , while this is probably one of the best ways to clean your teeth at this point in time , and an economical way to try one of the products that normally start out at $64e ( and up ) , there is no reason why the e3000 should n't be made as well as the better units , or hold up to water / daily use as well as some of the $9 crest electrics we commonly see 
books neg 346.txt i was so disappointed in this book . i do n't find a closeness to god in the pages . instead it seems intellectual . it contains beautiful sounding prayers that are more like poetry than speaking with god face to face . even though it contains prayers from across the ages it seems to keep me distant from the personal god i seek . and though the author 's prayers are included too , i feel the same about them . i expected more from richard j . foster 
software neg 775.txt i have been unable to get the software to work on my dell computer with windows xp . although i have been in contact with the technical team at sbt on many occasions , my initial problem has never been resolved . i am unable to use the test & improve your memory software 
books pos 598.txt a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled & quot ; wayward&quot ; were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in & quot ; retraining&quot ; wayward girls 
software pos 145.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes . 
software pos 269.txt i have used synmatec products for many years and have been fairly pleased by them . however , do n't buy the upgrade or renew your subscription until after your current subscription runs out because synmatec will not give you credit for the un-used portion of your previous subscription . i asked and they said " no way " . that aspect of " customer service " is very disappointing 
camera pos 148.txt am very pleased with all aspects of the camera except one . i do not like that the viewfinder is no longer operational once you flip open the lcd screen . sometimes i like to verify my shot with both 
books neg 861.txt what to write ? the book is kinda story book , and gives passages after passages . if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power , this one 's not for you 
music neg 563.txt it ' curious how an interesting history can be not well told by a modern music . in some cases the music go to the hand with the story , but not in this cd , in which we say the music that it is not for the story . i did n't ejoyed with that c 
dvd neg 762.txt yup , definately the worst halloween movie . come on , michael on a reality show ? ha ! what the f**k does that have to do with the series ? not only that , but the plot is completely pointless , the acting sucks , and dr. loomis and jamie are nowhere to be found in the movie ! not only that , but the movie relies way too much on gore to be scary , and therefore comes off as pretentious . do n't get me wrong , i love gore in movies , horror or not , but any knowledgable halloween fan knows that the halloween movies were always scary without the gore . along with halloween 3 ( which actually had nothing to do with michael ) , halloween : resurrection reigns as the worst movie of the series . there are a many more problems with the movie than the ones i listed , but i 'm tired of typing , so i 'll let other reviewers explain why it 's so bad . bottom line , watch any halloween movie other than this or halloween 3 
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced 
camera neg 638.txt i ordered this tripod , and it arrived broken . the assembly to which a camera is attached is made out of plastic . i asked for an rma order via e-mail , and they only gave me an address to mail it back to with a ' copy of the invoice . ' being lazy about mailing things back , and since it was cheap to begin with i tried repair it myself . where it broke ( the three plastic rings on the camera mount ) , it was impossible to re-glue , because of the torsion placed on those rings with any sort of pressure . even if your tripod arrives un-broken , it will likely break the first time you drop it on the camera mount from any height at all . 
books pos 120.txt this is a great beginners book . it 's easy to read and follow along . silver 's other books are great to start out with as well . other great starter books are " wicca " by scott cunningham , " witch crafting " & " book of shaddows " by phyllis curott , these authors will help you get started very well . also i recommend " the witches almanac " by elizabeth pepper , this is a witches must have on her shelf . happy readings.... . 
music neg 306.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
music pos 608.txt i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan 
dvd neg 664.txt this was the word used by one reviewer , and it just about sums up the film . another reviewer hit the nail on the head by saying that many young wannabe creative persons start off with highly auto-biographical and introspective pieces of work . usually these are binned , as the person matures . asia seems to have the advantage of a parental environment sufficiently indulgent and well-heeled to let her have her way on film , instead of on scraps of paper like the great majority . but good art is more than self-expression , self-promotion , self-pity and self-indulgence . it should have a satisfying underlying form , say something new to its audience , expose some as yet unperceived truth about life and humanity . art is boring if it merely tells us something we already know , especially if it 's told in a semi-familiar way . most of what asia says in this film we do already know , if we are half-aware of what goes on around us . still , the girl has a cute face , and she 's put a lot of effort into this performance . something more may come with time . 
dvd pos 347.txt this re-telling of the so-called " zoot suit riots " that rocked the los angeles homefront during world war ii gets the facts right , but tells them rather poorly . part of it is the super-stagey presentation , which basically is a filming of the play this was based on ( right down to the shaking props and backdrops ) and which takes little advantage of the possibilities of the film medium . plus , edward james olmos is absolutely insufferable as the uber-symbolic voice of the barrio , although daniel valdez and tyne daly ( ! ) are okay in their respective roles as a young man railroaded by the white establishment for a crime he did not commit , and as the commie agitator who comes to his defense . anyone interested in the time period and in chicano politics may benefit from watching this - - i rented it while doing some reseach on the " pachucho " r&b music scene - - but in dramatic and filmic terms , this is not a first-rate production . it 's hammy and ham-fisted . latter-day star spotting : el teatro campesion veteran robert beltran ( of future " star trek voyager " notoriety ) has a bit role as a modern-day audience member. . 
health pos 749.txt i ordered the happylite about 4 months before they even shipped the product , because it was the first reasonably priced ( and sized ) light to help treat sad . living in minnesota , i tend to get depressed in february , so wanted to see if the light would help . starting in oct / nov 2003 , i began turning it on at desk height at my work for the suggested amount of time . i did not use it on weekends . anyway , i think that it helped me keep from sinking so low with the sad blues in february , but it did not completely keep sad away . i spent 4 days on the beach in florida during the 3rd week of february , and that helped the most . i will indeed use the light again this winter , because it helps- -but does not eliminate- -sad for me 
health pos 357.txt for me a good tweezer is well worth paying for and this is a very good tweezer . i had the same one , this brand , for six years and then dropped it and it went out of alignment . i immediately ordered my new tweezer . if not dropped i suspect this would last a lifetime 
books pos 998.txt if you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book . very well done 
camera pos 270.txt i think it very well could be so i 'm not going to differ with those who say it is.i bought this to use with a new 5d and itt 's simply outstanding in every regard . so far , i 've kept it on the 5d and ca n't bring myself to take it off . i considered a couple of lenses , including the is 24-105 f / 4 which has a lot of appeal and the price is about the same . but this was the lens i chose in part because i already have a the 70-300mm f / 4.5-5.6 do is lens and the overlap seemed a waste while the extra stop helps . i have no regrets about it . sharp as a tack and quick . i note that this is not compact lens , especially with the hood on and it can stretch out a lot when you widen the field . it is also not light . this lens and the 5d will give your neck and back a pain , assuming you work with more than one camera . but the focal lengths covered are just about ideal and require none of the compromises that a longer zoom range require . for that , i 've got an 18-200 on a 20d . the 70-300 do , while not an l , specs out in that range and has the virtue of real compactness , but it ' not a lightweight . these two lenses cover just about everything for me . and i can keep the 10-22mm on the 20d for the extra-wide shots . since writing the initial review , i 've since traveled for several weeks with this lens and it fully lived up to expectations . given the difficulties of travel these days , i am concerned about the problem of not being able to carry it with me - - not a problem to date except for britain . but always possible . and , despite the weight , i might favor the 70-200 f / 2.8l is usm as a second travel lens - i like the brightness of the focus . one suggestion . there 's a temptation to use this lens wide open a lot of the time . it 's very good and sometimes that 's the best thing . but i 've also found this lens makes beautiful images stopped down a good deal for short night time exposures on a tripod and a remote release . the effect with lights , etc. is considerably different along with the extended depth of field . 
music neg 970.txt id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both 
books pos 303.txt a good thriller , that was very grisham . delivered on exactly what you read grisham for . 
dvd pos 822.txt " american gigolo " stars richard gere of a high priced male prostitute . he is coasting along with his rich southern cailifonia clients until one of them is murdered . when he is considered the main suspect , he goes on the run , with his only friend being the wife of a politician . at the begining he tells people that he is a moral man , for example , he dos n't service gays , more on that in a moment . it is interseting to note that gere also played in a movie about hookers a decade later in " pretty woman " and it made a star out of julia roberts . but that is where the similarities end . this is a much darker story about hypocracy . when he falls under suspicion all his clients that liked him before all distance themselves from him . in the end , he finds himself a hypocrit , because in order to get an aliby he is willing to do anything job ; gays , s and m , anything to avoid jail . the only love story here is about him and the politician 's wife ( lauren hutten ) . it is complicated by the fact that he will not let anyone in close to him , even for his own protection . for all it 's darkness there is one funny scene . richard gere is called in for a line up at the police department . he tells the other men in the line up that he got paid , and the others get angry and cause a scene , averting the attention off of gere . this is a really good movie as an examination of society 's attitude toward sex . this film was written and directed by paul schrader , if that is why it seems like a less brutal companion to " taxi driver " . richard gere is wooden , but his character is cold and icy , so that approach is right . lauren hutten is alright as the bored housewife of a powerful man ; she seems sincere in wanting to help gere . but i thought the standout performance was bill duke as the slezzy street pimp who is quiet but menacing ( as oppose to gere 's ' madam ' ) , but also provides the warning to gere at the beginning that his 15 minutes of fame are running out . and another future " pretty woman " player is present ; hector elanzo . he plays the detective on gere 's trail ; but he is slimy and rather unlikable here . well worth your time , but for adults only 
camera neg 272.txt i made sure i did my research and read all the reviews on various cameras before deciding to go with this one . i was highly disappointed when i got my camera home and put in the batteries , turned it on and immediately the lens got stuck in the " out " position with an error reading that said : lens error , restart camera . i tried to restart it a zillion times , only for it to say the same thing . i went on line and found that this is a problem with some canon cameras and now , instead of being excited about having this particular camera , i am completely disappointed . i 'm glad others have had such good luck with their cameras . please research the error because , in some cases , it did n't happen until a year later 
dvd pos 950.txt this is a showcase of jet li 's brand of martial arts...fast and furious . while this is no fist of legend the movie has enough action to keep the exitement going . what i did'nt anticipate was the humor . absolutely lots of laughs to pick up where the action stops . once persons are prepared to judge this movie on it 's own merit they will see that this movie was worth buying 
music pos 638.txt i pretty much agree with ej rupert , but the good songs on this soundtrack are so strong that they make this album damn near classic all by themselves . i gave this album 4 stars for that very reason . though it was never released as a single , " my block " is one of tupac 's best songs ( pre death row era is the best ' pac in my opinion ) . i do n't think there 's any question that every rap music fanatic recognizes red and meth 's " how high " as an unquestionable classic ( and this is the grimy version of how high....not the fluffy remix ) . i still get open to that beat 11 years later . though it is somewhat formulaic , " poppa luv it " is still a dope cut from ll cool j . bone thugs n harmony , mary j . blige , and onyx contribute " everyday thang " , " everday it rains " , and " live ! ! " which show each artist in vintage form in my humble opinion . also , " sowhatyousayin ' " is the ideal west coast gangsta track in my mind . even when you get past those great tracks , you have other bangers like " kill dem all " [kali ranks] , " glamour & glitz " [a tribe called quest] , and " still ca n't fade it " [warren g.] that still make for a great listening experience . hell , even the dove shack blew up on the strength of " summertime in the lbc " . and the live version of biggie 's " me & my b*tch " is definitely different from the studio version and it 's great . there 's plenty to love about this album . i also agree that there are too many filler tracks . " what 's up star " , " ol ' skool " , " domino 's in the house " and " zoom zooms & wam wam " all fall under the filler category . actually , the filler tracks are the only things wrong on this album and i 'd say that only 10% of the album is filler . the rest is bangin' . the show soundtrack is definitely a worthwhile pick up for any hip hop fan . there are bangers on this album that make it a must own . if you were into hip hop around the time this came out , you remember when half of these songs were played for the first time . there are definitely some classic tracks on this album . i highly recommend it . also , for those of you that want more artists represented , check out the " rhyme & reason " soundtrack ( which is pretty much similar to this , but with better collabos ) . you 'll find a lot of artists there too . standout tracks : poppa luv it , my block , live ! ! ! , kill dem all , summertime in the lbc , how high ( my favorite ) , everyday thang , everyday it rains , and me & my b*tch [live 
music neg 692.txt i respect everyone 's opinion in here , and i 've tried so hard to love this album because i love pink floyd and i see how everyone calls it a classic . but i just do not get it . i highly overrated album imo . very childlike and underdeveloped , but maybe that is its charm ? i see 2 very different pink floyds and i have to say i never got into syd 's style . matilda this , lucifer that . the gnome ? come on . astromony domine was a classic but the rest of the album is a tough listen i 'm sorry to say . i 'm sure you 'll say a true floyd fan would love this album , well maybe that 's true . but for me , when waters and gilmour were together , that is the true floyd imo . and their reign started with meddle and ended with the wall . a brilliant 6 album run ( meddle , obc , dsotm , wywh , animals , the wall ) . for serious collectors , this is a must have and i 'll give it 2 stars , but stay away if you expect another ' wish you were here ' purchase , pre-gilmour can be a tough listen . 
dvd pos 225.txt the caribou population is declining at an alarming rate and the canadian government is concerned . after a harrowing and kind of funny plane flight with tundra pilot brian dennehy government researcher tyler is dropped in the frozen middle of nowhere . it 's a ` kind of ' funny plane flight because it 's so well done . dennehy is a hung over , buckaroo bonzai type independent flyer . his little prop plane , heavily laden with tyler 's ( charles martin smith ) equipment , has a tough time both taking off and , later , staying afloat . the in-flight repairs dennehy makes had me on the edge of my seat - although the photography is the great strength of never cry wolf , the acting - especially by smith - and the editing are also nearly perfect . as harrowing as the plane ride is it 's a pretty safe bet the plane will land ( elsewise there 'd be no movie ) and tyler will find survival , rather than research , is the pressing order of business . tyler is there to locate a wild wolf pack , kill one or two of the pack members , and dissect them to discover if , as suspected , their stomachs contain an inordinate amount of healthy caribou meat . tyler , laden with crates of light bulbs and toilet paper , is materially and constitutionally unprepared for setting up a research station on his own . fortunately for him he 'll be discovered , rescued , and befriended by two inuits - the ancient ootek ( zachary ittimangnaq ) and his adopted son , mike ( samson jonah . ) as tyler notes in his voice-over narration , there are no orphans among the inuit . ootek and mike will arrive and disappear a few times , a wolf pack will be found , and tyler will learn that man 's relationship to the wolf is many times more complex than he imagined . i dislike most message movies . they tend to distort characters and events , and beat you over the head until you accept their point of view . never cry wolf has a strong message about man and nature , but it 's such an entertaining movie i did n't feel like i needed to join the sierra club to enjoy it . the story lines are clear , and after the plane trip its plentiful humor is quiet and unforced . smith , who spends an awful lot of the movie alone , acting under his voice-over narration , is nuanced and convincing . jorah and , especially , ittimangnaq , are both good and both add a layer of authenticity to the film . and the photography is at times breathtaking . never cry wolf is a gem . 
health neg 405.txt i have cracked heals and a bit of a callous problem . they are n't dragon feet , but they do have to be softened pretty often . i have used the little blade scraper tool for a few years and that works well but when i saw the artemis heel smoother advertised , i decided i had to try it . it 's a waste of money . the appliance is no more than a low-tech dreml . in fact , i have a dreml type tool that was marketed as a dog nail trimmer that works better . the artemis appliance does not scrape any dried skin away..it merely sands your foot a bit..that is when you can get the darn thing to stay on the spot you put it on . it comes with a small container of foot conditioning balm that is probably just straight cocoa butter except it has a really offensive aroma . i would just as soon use a piece of sand paper than this thing . save your money . 
software pos 842.txt excellent product one any computer owner must own and install for efficient and safe daily opperation online.quick delivery with ideal ups tracking ensureing accuate deivery and not to mention the best price online , bravo zulu ! good show amazon 
dvd pos 37.txt saw the trailer online and knew i 'd love it on dvd i was right laughed my ass off 8 times after watching it so many times of the 8 times i watched it that is it is sad tucker could n't be in this one and last friday movie but it 's still great the new cast members add more humor just as much the ones in the second and first friday movies the plot is deeper more twisted more funny more senseless especially with day day i laughed so hard the extras are worth it cube is great at making films so no one slam him he is an amazing film maker considering he used to star in movies when he can star in one and create it that 's more then genious that 's innovative he does good at starring and making movies give him props people and you ca n't always please everyone with what you make remember that i loved this one . and will get the other 2 movies on dvd when i can . the scenes are just hilarious and priceless like the other friday movies . so glad i bought this on dvd . give it a chance people . 
books neg 938.txt as a follower of the celebration story for many years , i was greatly disappointed by what i thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town . it was nothing of the sort . the book had the feel of so many pages of anti-disney propaganda , and the repetitiveness of a bad serial . the authors of celebration u.s.a. clearly made up their minds about celebration long before signing off on a mortgage . lacking in the detail needed to illustrate celebration 's experiment with the tenets of neotraditional style , the book offered splashes of cliched generalities such as " a return to the past " and " recapturing tradition . " it soon became some sort of mantra exhorting disney 's ownership of the town , the rules imposed on property improvements and maintenance , and , interestingly , the attention the town received . most tactless of all was the shadow of mockery cast on every description of residents , conversation with neighbors , and interaction with people doing what the authors should have been doing : giving the town a chance 
software pos 804.txt even though i do n't belong to the art profession and have only very limited knowledge of the arts , i feel the contents are great and useful , based on my discussion with friends who are artists . i therefore bought it for my friends in the arts profession overseas 
software neg 723.txt they changed pretty much everything . for starters they completely removed all of the normal menus such as file , tool , and edit . which means you ca n't use the keyboard for quick and easy menu access . well maybe you can , but you would have to memorize all of the commands instead of having the nice little visual cues which made previous versions of office ( and almost all other pc programs ) so much easier to use . you basically have to use the mouse for everything . and in my experience there is no faster way to repetitive stress injury than over-mousing . the ribbon is just awful . first of all it 's huge . it takes up about four times the space of my customized toolbar . they place nearly every button imaginable on it . and as far as i can tell you ca n't change it around or simplify it . every function is displayed all the time whether you need it or not . which makes finding anything a real pain in the neck . you can make the ribbon retract which at first glance seems nice . but in reality it turns what used to be simple 1-click operations into 3-click operations ( extend ribbon , spend several minutes searching for button , click button , retract ribbon ) . good grief ! what a pain . this software did n't last 24 hours on my system before i restored my old version of office . this new interface is about the most awful thing i 've ever seen on a computer . i know of certain free open source office suites that i prefer to this monstrosity . that being said i still prefer any and all previous versions of ms office to the free one . in fact i would rather be using my old wordperfect from 1995 than this *thing* that ms is trying to shove down our throats . if only i had n't thrown that disc away six years ago.. . before you " invest " your money in this software i strongly recommend you download the free trial version . then buy an earlier version 
music pos 306.txt with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way 
health neg 10.txt i do n't know how this works because when i found that i would need to wear a chest band during exercise to make it work , i returned it . it is n't evident in the advert for this ( or any other ) heart-rate monitor . i guess i 'll have to trust my sense of pain.. . 
books pos 168.txt it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them . i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives . regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days 
camera pos 459.txt product is working good and clarity is fine . but i found the next version product ( with remote ) cost lower than this product . 
dvd pos 120.txt ...but buyers should be forwarned that the print from which this dvd is made was a poor one , and alpha video , the distributors of this classic capra movie , made no attempt to clean it up . here we have an example of a key artwork about america 's psychological and political framework during emergence from the economic depression of the 1930s , crying out for careful restration to the condition it so deserves 
camera pos 456.txt with these weights i was able to send my canon powershot s70 to the bottom of the atlantic , and i have great faith that they will keep it there . reliable , and more professional than a brick 
health neg 184.txt i am in my early 30 's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's . i had been using proactiv for quite some time ( 5 years or so ) and it worked pretty well . i say pretty well since it did clear my face some , but my face has not been totally clear in a long time . along comes acnefree which is " better " than proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient- -cool , i am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper ! well , i guess you get what you pay for- -i do n't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin , but i used acnefree one time in the morning . so far so good- -until 2 am the next morning when i broke out in hives all over my entire body . so no more acnefree for me , just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation 
books pos 780.txt if your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life , implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book . manny padro salt lake city , uta 
music pos 496.txt not as epically gorgeous as ' once upon a time in america ' , but still lovely . there 's a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , " gabriel 's oboe " is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to 
books pos 114.txt i expected a fabbo edge-of-the-seat read . what i did n't expect was that this pomo thriller would provide a passel of top-flight management secrets to its unsuspecting readers . from the opening pages of the book , as wylie jones prepares to depart on a & quot ; business trip&quot ; of unspecified duration , to the penultimate chapter , when a revitalized wylie and his attentive amanuensis wrap up a deal on the left coast , this beach-bag zinger is chock full with the sorts of advice , hints , tips , and warnings that help to build healthy management brains in twelve ways ! think of it as a kind of business allegory . wylie 's cross-country odyssey is what might happen if robert fulghum were to meet john gardner trundling down the road on his reality bike , set fire to robertson davies ' beard , and then move on over to the highway hacienda for corn dogs and a brew with none other than warren buffet , everyone 's favorite grassroots investor . i totally loved it . it gets my absolute highest rating 
dvd neg 605.txt equilibrium is a curate 's egg - its best parts are not good throughout , and its worst aspects make erratic appearances . the acting is really the least of its problems ; the cardinal failure was a script that could not decide what kind of movie it wanted to be when it grew up . equilibrium , however poorly , aspires to be a dystopian film , and there exists a dystopian formula at work in fiction and film alike . such a formula was employed magnificently in michael radford 's adaptation of george orwell 's 1984. contrarily , films imperil themselves in discarding the formula as evidenced by alfonso cuaron 's junky adaptation of p.d. james ' the children of men . there are essentially three parts to this formula . first , there must be a depiction of a believable society , and plausible justifications for its existence . the author or script writer must paint vividly , yet remain nuanced , since at this stage his purpose is to show the reader or viewer , without yet telling him the philosophy underlying it . second , two-thirds of the way through there must be a conversation between protagonist and antagonist , which formally unveils the ethical dilemma . here , the protagonist offers his alternative , usually an acknowledgement of the humane . third , the dystopian resolution lies in the protagonist 's choice : he must surrender to the system , rebel against it , or be conquered by it . the ending , if it is not tragic in the classical sense , must be ambiguous ; if it is ended happily , it is no longer a matter for the reader or viewers ' thoughts : the problem has been resolved , and he may retire from it and become forgetful of it . libria , the society depicted in equilibrium , is a post-apocalyptic society wherein feeling has been criminalized under the pretext that human feelings , and the actions carried out on their behalf , represent the fons et origio of man 's inhumanity to man . the objective of outlawing sentiments is the preservation of peace . is this believable ? ultimately , it is not because the viewer is given no other reason for this society to exist , no justification for its brutality except that it is by this method alone that peace may be preserved . however , a desire for peace is predicated on an aversion to war , and aversion is something we principally feel . a more believable premise would have been the prohibition of certain feelings , but it is also unbelievable because it is inconsistent . the protagonist ( john preston , a member of the grammaton cleric , an elite government agency for enforcing laws against so-called ` sense-crimes ' ) marries , begets children , hesitates in killing his partner - what point would there be in any of this in a society that had eliminated feeling ? and , if we are being generous , and suppose that this was done intentionally so as to say , " you can never entirely eliminate feeling , " it fails still ; because if the denizens of libria were n't completely devoid of feeling , they could n't be as cowed as they are depicted . instead , countless times throughout the film characters make comments , statements , enquiries that can only have as their possible source or response an emotion . to have had characters who were truly apathetic , or for whom the fictitious drug prozium was effective , they would have had more in common with star trek 's borg . the backdrop for this dystopia , then , lacks subtlety or nuance . from the first fifteen seconds of film , the viewer ethically objects - it remains tediously manichean throughout . the viewer is given a straw man and immediately begins tearing it down and the only suspense is literally in waiting for what we know will happen . in brave new world , it is mustapha mond 's conversation with john the savage . in 1984 , it is o'brien 's talk with winston smith . in the children of men , it is a debate between theo and the xan . in equilibrium , the formal unveiling of the ethical dilemma happens in a haphazard way throughout , culminating in a fight scene that lacks the awe inspired by the matrix three years before . here was the moment for the " talky " bit of the film , the sophisticated counter-punch , the moral awakening , the vindication of the human ; instead , the viewer is given another low-brow , hollywood denouement . john preston does nothing to justify his alternative to the totalitarian status quo - there is no bit of dialogue with father where lines are spoken which conveys the notion that " feelings are essential to thought , " or that " peace has been obtained at a terrible price . " all the loose ends , littered liberally throughout the film , are never addressed : why have art in libria ? why does father intonate , and raise the pitch of his voice to manipulate the masses in a scene reminiscent of a leni riefenstahl propaganda film ? a better film would have acknowledged these scenes , and defended their inclusion in a climatic dialogue between john preston and father ( or dupont as it turns out ) . the conclusion of equilibrium can be summarized as follows : " good guy kills bad guys , sixty-second revolution ensues , people can feel again , hero smiles , time to go to bed . " there was n't ever a genuine ethical dilemma anyway : what was wrong was obviously wrong , and what was right was intuitively right . the viewer never believed the reasons libria came to be , or at least they never found them plausible in the way they found huxley 's , orwell 's , james ' , zamyatin 's , or koestler 's explanations . in equilibrium it was all simply the soft groundwork prepared for the banal , unoriginal action movie to follow . the plot , then , was in some respects as shallow as the tendentious storylines in soft-core porn films : they need n't be sensical because no one is interested in the story , but rather for the titillation , arousal , and amusement . many viewers of equilibrium are fans of flashy action sequences ( a majority of whom were not disappointed as their reviews attest ) ; but for those seeking a fuller cinematic experience , equilibrium is an unfortunate disappointment . during the film a woman asks preston , " why are you alive ? " preston responds with the bureaucratically sterile answer , " i 'm alive to safeguard the continuity of this great society . to serve libria . " " it 's circular . you exist to continue your existence . what 's the point ? " she asks . and , what 's the point is exactly the point about this film . 
camera neg 138.txt you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality 
camera pos 84.txt i bought this hood after reading elsewhere that it fits the 50mm f / 1.8 mark i ( the version with the metal mount and distance scale ) that i purchased recently . canon specs the discontinued es-65 hood for this lens . the great thing about this et-65iii is that it is longer , so it blocks more stray light without vignetting on full-frame or 1 / 6-frame slrs . the interior on this mark iii version is also flocked , providing a bit more light absorption . i 've used those collapsible rubber hoods before while in college , but this hood is definitely worth the investment : well built , fits backward on the lens for storage ( but too long while the lens is on the camera ) , and provides good protection for the front of the lens ( it 's quite deep ) . note that this will not fit the newer 50mm f / 1.8 mark ii version ( all plastic mount with no distance scale ) 
dvd pos 133.txt the perpetrators of a high-level corporate scandal ( masayuki mori , takashi shimura , ko nishimura ) are pursued by the illegitamate son ( toshiro mifune ) of a low-level functionary that they drove to suicide to protect their schemes . this film begins as a deeply satisfying revenge epic , but the masterful director akira kurosawa is not content to let it rest there . he draws out all the moral complexities of the situation , then hits us with an unexpected development at the end that gives an ironic twist to his title . the bad may not always go to prison for their crimes , but do they really " sleep well ? 
health pos 220.txt very classy scent . very strong . spray sparingly , a little goes a long way . lasts all day . will receive many compliments 
books neg 822.txt this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent 
music pos 867.txt this ep is so good , that words cannot do it justice . they thought so too and exercised restraint ( no lyrics ) on this album . it is a departure from the previous album from the vapor of gasoline ( which is also a very good album ) in other ways , too , however ; it features a more delicate production and more intricate interplay between the instruments . the production is such that it highlights the timbre of each instrument and , thus , their interdependency , whereas the previous album seemed content to let everything settle into a murky consistency at various points ( usually when things started to rock ) . ftvog also had the problem of being a bit monotonous ( of course : in the end , you grew to enjoy it for all its shortcomings ) . all the suits began to fall off seems to be flawless , however - a well-rounded tour ; very beautiful , bold and particular . try if you like : john fahey , tortoise , june of 44 , sea tiger , etc 
camera neg 492.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
books pos 929.txt this is a great , funny book . it may be my favorite jeeves & wooster story 
books neg 163.txt that so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me . luckily , i bought this book used , otherwise i might be kicking myself for paying full price . between her utterly uninspired " devotional dances " to things such as sex , wisdom , and the " sticky one " ( a term she made up for the astral body ) , and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to " anoint " it , i was unimpressed , to say the least . however , driving on a trip a friend and i got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book . it 's very , very amusing if you do n't take it seriously . the thing that makes me sad is that she 's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth . there 's nothing evolutionary about it , unless you consider being a wanton , idiotic freak " evolutionary " . if this is what humanity is evolving into , i am frightend 
software pos 16.txt i bought this cd for my two grandchildren for christmas . they have all the other nancy drew cd 's that are out and really enjoy playing them . they are a good interactive game to challenge their minds . i am sure this one will too 
music pos 173.txt this is my favorite bob dylan album . the album begins and ends with two of the greatest songs ever , like a rolling stone and my favorite desolation row . sandwiched in between are some fantastic songs . the album is filled with incredible lyrics , wonderful music , and a mean harmonica . if you want to know why bob dylan is a legend buy this album 
books neg 449.txt the title of this book should be " photoshop finishing borders " dave devotes too much time and effort giving tips on framing and giving borders to your images . there are a few other tips i was happy to see , however i have to give this one a definite thumbs down . i still love you dave . ( i want my money back ! 
music neg 254.txt understand , i love springsteen . born to run is my second favorite album of all time . i have seen him live over a dozen times . i personally think he is the single most important american rock and roll artist ever ( with apologies to elvis , chuck berry and dylan ) . i even loved nebraska , so do n't tell me it 's an e-street band thing or a rock versus folk thing , but this album is unlistenable . some reviewers have called it beautiful and powerful . that 's rubbish . there is a complete absence of melody on this record , as was the case with much of the ghost of tom joad album ( with a huge exception being " youngstown " - a great song ) . the apparently willful attempt to alter his singing style to sound like woody guthrie or jimmy rodgers is just frightening . dylan could pull it off , bruce just disappoints . but it 's the songs and lack of anything remotely resembling melody that makes this record a failure . believe , i listened to devil & dust 10-15 times in hopes of finding what i am apparently missing . i couldn't . i thought the rising was a nice album . i even liked the devils & dust solo tour ( bruce is a powerful performer , and maybe even more commading when it 's just him on stage ) , but i doubt this cd will ever find its way back into the player 
health pos 894.txt i purchase two of the eva-dry edv-500 renewable dehumidifer and hang them inside the closet where i store my photo gears . although in california is not so humid but little moisture do add up . this dehumidifer is so easy to use - - unwrap it then hang it there . i check them once per several day . when the silica gel change from blue to pick , i just recharge it by plug it into the electric outlet overnight , then next morning , wow , a renewed dehumidifer is ready to use again . the changing of color is very obviously . i strongly recommend this item 
dvd neg 101.txt i love the office . what i do n't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2. so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here . i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this 
books pos 596.txt this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting- -the princeton theological seminary- -is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book 
dvd neg 737.txt ridiculous plot , one dimensional cardboard-like acting ( especially leon lai 's rigid dead-like-fish-out-of-water performance ) , incoherent dialogs , horrible editing and directing , every thing is so bad if compares it to the first one . the second one has already turned bad but not as bad as this 3rd increment . the screen writers were obsessed with abnormal twists of the plots and tried to twist every section of the scenario to the extreme but unfortunately almost messed up the logic flow of a storyline . nothing deep but shallow all the way . just like a magician overplayed his black magic and suddenly found himself exposed completed without white gloves , long sleeves , and black cloak , even the white pigeons turned out to be dead . nothing could be hidden up in his sleeves or the tall hat . nothing at all . curtain call , drop it sooner than later . 
health neg 971.txt this is an inexpensive scale for measuring weight and body fat . the only problem is it does n't do either one too well . the weight measurement gives a different answer every time you step on it , even if you weighed yourself just a minute before . i was never able to get the scale to measure my fat percentage or give me any other reading besides an error . maybe my skin 's too thick , or maybe the electrical charge it tries to send through your body is too weak . it 's also inconvenient to use . to get your weight , all you have to do is step on it . to get the weight and fat reading , you have to hit the power button multiple times to cycle through all the settings , then step on the scale within 5-10 seconds to avoid it turning back off 
dvd neg 443.txt i just got my copy of the dvd r-rated version and yes the best parts of the bondage scene are missing . why those edit happy bozos would remove the lower body scenes showing the actresses powerful legs around her captor and leave the breasts showing is beyond me . since this scene is most appealing in the way the original version first displayed it in 85 , to take it out in my opinion degrades the movie entirely . i was completely dissapointed in this version of the movie . if anyone saw the unrated 1985 vhs version you would know what i mean . lana was the movie . why remove it ? ? ? ? ? i have [not a] clue ! ! ! unsatisfied customer 
health neg 164.txt when the internal rechargable battery dies so does the unit . the power cord will not power the shaver once the battery can no longer hold a charge . you cannot replace the regargable battery yourself ! sending the unit for factory repair after its warranty will cost you more than buying a new one . as for the shave : not bad , but not exceptional either . the cutters a very tiny , not built to last , and are not durable . all rechargable batteries have a limited life depening on conditions on how they are used . this shaver may last you a few months - a year , 2 to 3 years will be a stretch . i also have a braun and a norelco , the norelco is 10years old and running fine , the braun is 15 years - both have original cutters and foil - i heavy duty clean them in 97% alchohol about once a year , and brush out debris about once every 7 uses , these units dont have batteries and this is why i purchased the remington to have acess when there is no power plug available . the remington shaver really needs to have it 's cutter blades cleaned ( brushed off or washed ) after every use ( what a pain ) ! i find this shaver to be a waste of money as it is more akin to being a disposable electric shaver - than one that will last 
camera neg 963.txt use less than 3 times , the touch screen does n't work.do n't know why~ 
dvd pos 626.txt what a great idea , to make a documentary of violinist hilary hahn traveling around the world and concertizing . undoubtedly at the top of her profession , hahn never fails to amaze with her unmistakably gorgeous tone , enviable precision , and brilliant musicality . this dvd " portrait " includes personal footage of hahn backstage at the philharmonie in berlin , as well as a tour at the curtis institute , a recording session at abbey road studios , and a trip to hong kong . in an age of music commercialism , hahn is refreshingly real and self-deprecating . included on this dvd are excerpts from the korngold concerto , mozart sonata for piano and violin in g major , the lark ascending by vaughan williams , chaconne from partita in d minor by bach , and the paganini concerto no . 1. on the menu there is additional concerto footage , which includes the korngold concerto and mozart sonata in their entirety - thank goodness , because there 's nothing more aggravating than replaying excerpts . if for nothing else , buy the dvd for these complete live recordings , because they are absolutely sublime . the outer movements of the korngold sound a lot like film music , which the classical music lover may or may not like , but the second movement is incredibly beautiful and highly recommended . the mozart sonata is also very well played , but this is nothing new as hahn has already released a recording of this . this dvd is important because it contains video footage of hahn performing - the only other dvd where you can find her playing is the last night of the proms , in which she plays the mozart concerto no . 4 in d major and presto from sonata no . 1 by bach , but the sound quality is somewhat lacking and certainly does n't do justice to hahn 
camera pos 985.txt after reading the reviews here and at [...] on this baby , i was a little cocerned about its low-light and indoor performance . let me be the first to say that my fears were largely unfounded . yes , if you film in very low light , it will darken many colors . but we 're talking 60 lux , which is the roughly equivalent to the light put off from the candles of a birthday cake . just keep the lights on when your kid blows out the candles , and viola ! seriously , i have had absolutely no problems with it filming too dark indoors , outdoors , or even when i film local bands playing in dark bars . the reason i wanted to try this camera was because it is the only flash-based camera that is receiving even mildly positive reviews . i do not want a tape mechanism that will break , nor a fragile hard drive that cannot be used in many film-worthy conditions ( think snow skiing , as the drive mechanism will freeze up on you in very cold weather ) . as i said , i was skeptical when i purchased it , but no more . the videos are far better than any other camcorder i 've owned . my last was a canon zr 50 mini dv , and this camera takes vastly superior videos than that one . the four stars is only because of the mpeg2 format this records to . i have a mac , so editting requires that i convert to dv with streamclip so that imovie can import the movies . mainly , i just do n't edit my home videos so that has n't been a problem . but if would have been nice for it to be an easier option , and it could have been if they encoded to mpeg4 with h264 and mp3 / aac , which appears to be the next standard . if that concerns you , or if you want hd , you might wait until the panasonic sd1 is available because it records in avhdc which is a form of mpeg4. of course , imovie does n't yet support that either , so you may have to wait until ilife 07 to really use it . in parting , i will also mention that the size of this unit is absolutely fabulous . i no longer dread lugging around even my smallish mini dv camera . this thing literally fits in my jacket pocket , so i end up filming a lot more than i did with previous cameras . if you 're looking for small , flash-based , and good quality video , get this camera , you 'll love it 
camera pos 157.txt canon has three digital cameras for $2 , 500+. the 1ds mark ii , the 1d mark iin and the relatively new 5d . i chose canon over nikon ( which i 've shot most of my photographic life ) because of canon 's more impressive suite of lenses . here 's the decision process i went through . as with most products , it comes down to how you 'll use it . all of them have tradeoffs . 1. megapixels . more pixels - with a few caveats - translates into an image that can be enlarged ( and cropped more tightly ) with less deterioration . the 1ds is the market leader at 16.7mp , the 5d comes in at 12.7mp and the 1d at 8.2mp . if you 're a commercial art or magazine photographer the 1ds probably makes sense . if you 're a wedding photographer , the 5d is probably the sweet spot . in practice , however , the difference in pixels between these cameras will not make an appreciable difference for most people . at 8.2mp , you can make an 11x17 print at 200 pixels / inch without any enlargement beyond the camera 's native resolution . up to that size , you certainly wo n't see much difference in prints from the three cameras . that said , the higher megapixels of the other cameras gives you more extreme cropping lattitude . 2. full frame . the 1ds and 5d are full frame - that means the sensor in the camera will capture the view of the scene that you 're accustomed to seeing with your 35 mm film camera . the 1d and most digital cameras have what is called a field of view crop factor ( fovcf ) . for the 1d , it 's 1.3x . what that means is that both the viewfinder and the image sensor do n't capture everying the lens is " seeing " - it crops the view in a little tighter . the result : your lenses are effectively 1.3x longer . a 70 mm lens becomes a 91 mm lens and so on . because the camera is effectively " cropping " the edges of the image that the lens produces , it also tends to eliminate the softness or vignetting that appears at the edges of some lenses . whatever camera you use , what you see in the viewfinder is still what you get , and it does n't affect the pixel resolution of the image . my 300 mm lens with a 1.4x extender and a 1.3x fovcf is effectively a 546 mm lens - getting into birding territory . ( if you 're switching from film to digital , some of your lenses may may no longer fit your needs with the focvf . your 35 mm lens is no longer really a wide angle at 45 mm . ) 3. durability . this was most important to me , though it may not be for someone who does n't shoot in extreme conditions or expects to replace their camera in two years . both the 1ds and 1d sport complete metal bodies , sealed against the weather with a shutter that will last at least 200 , 000 cycles . the 5d - a very solid camera - is designed for 100 , 000 , is not weather sealed and has more plastic components . 4. weight / size . what a solid , metal body giveth in durability it taketh away in weight . for those who prefer a camera with heft , these have it . for many people , this is a big drawback . the 1ds and 1d are 43 oz . , or almost three pounds for just the body , without the big battery . add the battery and you 're at 54 oz . the 5d is just 29 oz . and 31 oz . with battery . the 1ds and 1d , with built-in vertical grips , are also more than 2 inches taller . if you 're looking for something less obtrusive and easier to carry around , the 5d is it . 5. speed . there 's a reason the 1d is the camera of choice for photojournalists , sports and many bird photographers . it shoots at a smooth 8.5 frames per second , compared to 4 fps for the 1ds and 3 fps for the 5d . for most day-to-day uses , 3 fps is more than adequate . from using both , i 'd say the 1d autofocuses a bit faster , too . the 1d has 45 autofocus points , compared to nine for the 5d . 6. price . give or take a hundred here or there , the 1ds is about $7 , 200 ; the 1d about $3 , 900 ; and the 5d about $3 , 000. price will determine whether you get the 1ds or not . if you can afford it , go for it . otherwise , other features - or the possiblity of buying more lenses instead of more camera - will make your decision . what did i decide ? first , i looked at how i 'd use the camera : photojournalism , travel and wildlife photography . the higher fps was not as important to me as durability and autofocus speed , so either the 1d or 1ds would do . in the end , i decided i 'd rather spend the money on lenses that would not be obsolete with the next new and improved camera . ( i bought the 300 f / 2.8 is for close to the difference in price . ) so , i went with the 1d mark iin . if my camera was generating some good cash flow or my wife did n't need a new car , i 'd probably have gone with the 1ds . i 'm very happing with the decision and the camera . for most people and most uses - general portrait , landscape and travel photography - the 5d is probably the way to go . ( or perhaps the next greatest camera that canon will announce later this year . 
health neg 777.txt i ordered this product on june 7th 2006 , today is july 11th 2006 , and i still have not received it . i have cancelled my order because it is a lot faster to drive to the story to purchase it , than to wait over a month for it to show up . i 'm really not happy with the turn around time for the tide he detergent . 
dvd pos 564.txt i first saw this movie around 1980 , when the cold war was still on . i had been inundated with propaganda from birth , that all russians talked about was political , that they did n't do " normal " things or live a normal life . all politics you know . well , here was this movie about the lives and loves of three women . it was very well acted , and basically , just a long soap ! i loved it- -and not one word about lenin , marx , or anti-americanisms . i recently saw it again , and liked it just as much . for those who say it is unrealistic- -well , how do you know ? do you think that all russians lived the exact same life ? or because american cold war propaganda stated that all russians were totally miserable 
music pos 365.txt nwa was an original rap group and with that being said , this is definitely a must have album for rap lovers . along with public enemy , nwa christened their genre with hard core lyrics and tight bass beats . although i do n't agree with some of their lyrics , one would not expect this white kid to fully understand their view on life . anyways , buy this album , i recommend it . keep it away from the kiddies though 
dvd pos 326.txt hollywood make them , then they break them - - stars can fall as fast as they rise . sometimes they rise again , and sometimes they disappear . and christopher guest casts a jaded eye on the fickle ups and downs of hollywood in " the big picture , " a quirky , cynical movie which focuses on what the successful should never let go of . it has a few awkward stretches , but overall it 's a darkly witty cult comedy ( " you 're tracking failure all over my carpet ! " ) . nick chapman ( kevin bacon ) is the winner at an arty student movie competition , and instantly agents are chasing him all over l.a. in no time , he 's the rising young director , with a movie deal at a major movie corporation . but he 's also starting to lose sight of his old life , as he tries to become a major success . he changes the style , plot and characters of his arty movie for demographics , turning it into a beach bums / naked ghost movie . he dumps his pretty girlfriend ( emily longstreth ) for a bimbo actress ( teri hatcher ) . when the studio head gets dropped , nick falls as quickly as he rose . but a chance encounter with an old pal gives him a second chance - - an arty music video . this time , can he get it right ? christopher guest is best known for his brilliant mockumentaries , tackling everything from small-town musicals to folk festivals . his forthcoming one is another one about showbiz . but his talents are just as present in a " typical " movie , and guest does a smart , quirky job of it . the lesson : be true to yourself and your art , do n't fall for empty glitz , and do n't let success go to your head if you 're lucky enough to get it . the story is a pretty straightforward one - - nick gets great success , it goes to his head , he falls , and he rises again a wiser man . and the movie falls into straightforward lines , without many unpredictable plot twists . at first glance , it does n't seem that unusual . what makes it special ? well , simply put , guest manages to infuse it with his unique type of wit , like the oddballish pez music video and the noir fantasies of nick 's life . not to mention the glorious dialogue . when speaking of nick 's one'n'only music video , a studio woman announces , " it 's the best one yet , and i 've seen ' em all ! " and guest manages to show us agents , artists , students , directors and actors , but never descended to cliches . they 're real people , no matter how nasty . and bacon does a solid job as a young man who learns how empty glitz is . his best scene is the reunion with his friend emmet , where he confesses , " i wanna be your friend again . " and he 's backed by good performances by longstreth , michael mckean and a dancing jennifer jason leigh . " big picture " treads where many movies have gone before , but it does so with an approach as fresh as a pez people music video . a must-see 
music pos 848.txt as a pretty big comedy fan thanks to xm radio , i have listened to a lot of comics and i own a lot of comic cd 's ( mitch hedberg , bill hicks , emo philips , lewis black , steven wright , pablo francisco etc. ) and my absolute favorite is unprotected . there is not a slow part on this cd and it never fails to bring everyone to tears on a long car ride . his quick and merciless wit is better than any other comic in the us . his family must be very understanding since he does n't hesitate to include every detail of their personal lives in his act , but it all serves to create a punchline that we can all relate to . the highlights of this cd are his daughter 's boyfriend and guidelines for resuming sex after a heart attack . i highly highly reccomend this 
software pos 80.txt i 'm not a spider-man fan . i love powers , the ultimates , supreme power , planetary and other stuff by warren ellis , brian michael bendis , et.al . so when i bought this , i wondered if spending a whopping $49 would be worth it . i wanted to read straczynski 's recent run of spider-man , but if i was going to spend about $20 on a graphic novel , why not spend a little more for the whole thing . and that 's just what you get . in addition to getting straczynski 's 4-year run ( which includes spider-man 's evolution and discovery of his totemic powers ) , you get everything leading up to june 2006 ( which is just like 3 issues ago ! ) . and all on 1 dvd-rom . true , the cons are that when it comes to crossovers , you only get the amazing spider-man stories and reading it off your computer is n't as fun as reading the actual comics - - but that does n't compare to getting the entire run . it 's like complaining about getting a free ps3 , xbox360 and nintendo wii , because the box did n't come with it or you 're missing one controller . $50 may seem steep , but if comics cost $3 now , so for the price of like one or two months worth of comics - - or for 2 books , you get everything . and it 's true , you can just print out the pages if you want ( so if you want to abuse your office or school 's printer , go for it ! 
dvd neg 848.txt i would love to provide a review of this dvd , however since i 've not received it , despite having placed my order in august ( it 's now november ) and having written to amazon customer service about the matter ( as yet unanswered ) i 'm afraid any review will have to wait 
music neg 198.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
dvd neg 47.txt ok , this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show ( although sweeney todd comes to a close second ) . where is the show ? ! they cut out the " glory " battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene ( that was not in the movie.. . ) . also , where is " i guess i 'll miss the man ? " that 's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why ? also what about " prayer for a duck " and many others ! ! ! this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse ! oh yeah , and chita rivera 's " spread a little sunshine " was pathetic , and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the " grand finale . " i was in this show and it was the greatest show i 've ever done , but this dvd is pathetic . do n't waste your money on the costly price of $19.99 , it should be $7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show 
camera pos 904.txt goo 
books neg 644.txt i did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification . it did help with classification and mapping 
dvd neg 983.txt this movie works if one of the following four descriptions applies to you . 1. you think kevin zegers is hot , you want to see anything he 's in , and the swimming scene in transamerica was the best thing to happen to you since you first had a peanut butter sandwich . 2. you think nick carter is hot , and want to see if he can act . ( he can't . ) 3. you like horror movies , no matter how bad they are , simply because it 's a horror movie . 4. for some reason unbeknownst to man you are interested in what judge reinhold is doing with his career . within the first five minutes of the film i had it pegged as a friday the 13th style movie . within the first five minutes , it was . then it expanded a bit , and we saw some interplay between father and son , and also some rather useless and pointless teenage romantic angst . in this rendition , the headless horseman actually had a head . it was a pumpkin . and it growled . there was also some serious fire that he was capable of - apparently - in the beginning . this fire was not with him when he needed it the most . and , of course , he used a sword to decapitate victims lucky , then , that kevin zegers ' character was on the fencing team ( odd for such a small town to have a fencing team , do n't you think ? ) , and when he was able to get his hand on a sword at the very end - well - you get the picture . judge reinhold was a riot in the 80s . in this movie he was a football coach who talked about how things were when he played ball . i ca n't imagine a universe in which reinhold played the kind of football he was talking to his players about . he would have died during his first game . he did , though , walk around the house with a football jersey on , and some silly pajama pants , so i guess that fit the role of a football coach . still . all-in-all , i was certain that this review would be a one star review . then it came out of the " jason woods " , and became marginally better . i was interested in the film for two reasons . first , i 'm still waiting to see if kevin zegers can act . i have a feeling that he 's going to break out of the horror mold he 's in and become a lesser jamie lee curtis . unfortunately , in transamerica they had him play a petulant teenager . they did n't give him room - i.e. , they did n't write anything for him - that would have allowed him to express any range . either that or he does n't have any . second , i do like horror films , even bad ones . which this was . just because i enjoy bad horror films does n't make it a good movie . which this wasn't . i was just about to post this review , then saw the three , four , and five star reviews . i 'm sorry - what were you guys smoking when you watched this ? are you kidding me ? as a bad horror film , this succeeds . but bad horror films do n't get three , four , or five star reviews . it 's insane . 
dvd neg 766.txt i saw dead ringers in the movies . the theater was filled with mostly couples . when it was over , as we walked out , laughter began to spread as we all recognized that we as couples were having the same conversation ; " whose stupid idea was it to pay money to see this move " ! 
software neg 201.txt this program is average to below average in it 's abilities . that said , just hope you do n't need any roxio tech support . why ? because roxio 's support bites ! you cannot contact anyone online or by email for help ; whenever their dis-functional " web portal " [web-based support] system traps you in an endless loop . i needed an couple simples updates for a pc that is not allowed on the internet . it used to be you could download roxio 's patches from any pc having internet access . then burn patch[s] to a cd , or copy to floppy / jumpdrive . then " sneakernet " the patches to the pc needing them . no more . what happened today was that their webpage was apparently trying to download / patch a roxio product directly on my pc . [ezcd5 does n't exist on my pc]. instead of simply letting me download it somewhere , like to my hard drive , vs patchging it directly from their webpage to my pc , [which wo n't work in my case as i 'm not using roxio , nor have it installed on my pc] ; apparently the morons that did the roxio webpage coding make the download / patch process stop / end and proceed to send the customer back to roxio 's initial patch download page . when you need a patch , all these endless loops and support games are enough to get me looking for a different product / different company . if you want to minimize human contact with customers , fine . but let folks at least download the patches they need in order to keep their pc going . do n't hand over your customer support system [almost] completely to a web server . that ignorant arrangement works about as well as when companies try to save a few pennies and get rid of phone receptionists for customer service telephone calls . then they let customers wade through a 100 layer deep voicemail system to find the answer to a simple problem . it just does n't work . if a company wo n't provide access to patches , even after i have logged into their website with username and password , [so they know is accessing their patches] and they do n't offer any type of ftp site as a download backup option , then i sure as heck wo n't be buying anymore of their products . i see why roxio bought up cequadrat and other companies . [though i hate to see such quality companies be devoured like that]. when a competitor has a better product , why fight to improve your prodsuct 's quality / features , when you can buy the other company out . thank goodness nero is not under the roxio umbrella . 
dvd neg 684.txt this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out 
music pos 199.txt rare are the electronic albums that are so consistantly inspired . melodies are beautifully simple and soothing , sounds are particularly well crafted . a great album . the drum box could be a bit more discreet though 
camera neg 404.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
books pos 633.txt rites of spring is an unparalleled work of cultural and historical synthesis , and easily the most interesting cultural history of 20th century europe available . 
software pos 591.txt took a couple of attempts to load this program on my laptop but once installed , it 's more than i expected . this is my first experience with gps and i 'm impressed with how quickly and accurately the gps system locates my position and tracks my movement . full featured mapping software and plenty of gps options make this an excellent value for my needs 
software pos 408.txt this is a pretty good product for the price ! i 've found a few errors on location of addresses , but all in all , pretty good ! just wish microsoft will offer a commercial vehicle version sometime in the near future . so far , we 've had no complaints . 
software pos 261.txt simple and great video editing software considering it is for the normal and home user . i would say it is the beginner to intermediate user tool . i can really create fast movies very quickly . pros : easy to install easy to split / edit home videos compatible with ilink support for high definition hdv camcorders competitive price cons : user interface can be confusing at the beginning to understand and placement of workspace windows . rendering is slow . 
health neg 326.txt takes forever to shave - and still does n't get everything - still have to end up shaving with a razor . frustrating - but good concept 
music neg 798.txt this cd should have been called " the most annoyingly overplayed songs of the 1990's . " with the exception of " shine , " every single track on this cd is juvenile , mindless , fluff that was overplayed on the radio in the radio until you were ready to scream ! if you 're looking for a cd that represents the greatest music of the 1990 's , check out non stop 90 's rock or forever 90 's instead . however , you might be interested in this cd if you want to host a cheesy 90 's dance party . the songs are kind of fun and catchy if you listen to them in moderation 
books pos 836.txt this book is a celebration of color and the watercolor medium . turning the pages is like watching a fabulous fireworks display . each page reveals another explosion of beautiful color painting . like fireworks , some paintings go off with a huge bang , and others are more muted ; but each painting has something to say - - there are no & quot ; duds . &quot ; helpful comments by the artists give insight as to how and why each painting was done . if you 're an artist looking for inspiration , this book can really give you a whack in the side of the head that will send you running to your paints . even if you 're not an artist , you 'll enjoy the gorgeous colors and wide , wild variety of subjects and techniques . an astonishing book and well worth the price 
camera pos 220.txt i bought this flash to use on my canon rebel xt . the first thing i noticed was that without even reading the instructions i was able to get much better results on pictures taken indoors . being able to bounce the flash off the white ceilings provided much better color contrasts to the built in flash . even when i set my camera to shoot quick pictures in succession the flash did not let me down . it did not need anytime to recharge at all . i recently just came back from vacation and took a lot of outdoor evening shots . most of the pictures came back with great results . the only dissappointment i have is that when taking shots from further distance than i normally would , the pictures came back darker than i would 've liked . so , to compensate for this i adjusted the flash exposure on my camera and although it was an improvement it was a hassle taking several test shots before getting it right . another problem i have with the flash is the battery cover . it 's flimsy and i find it awkward to open and close at times . i always feel like i 'm gonna snap it off by accident . overall i am happy . it 's a good flash for the price you pay . the battery life is good . i still have n't even had to recharge the batteries and i 've almost taken 200 shots with it . my low light picture have improved dramatically by investing in an external flash . anyone with a decent camera should never use the built in flash . the difference is night and day 
software neg 872.txt i have used intuit products since 1992 , and was quite satisfied until 4 years ago when intuit began installing hidden software on users ' computers in an attempt to " stop piracy " , which caused numerous problems for us honest users who paid for the program . secondly and even more significantly , i began noticing an apparent shift in intuit 's philosophy toward it 's customers : cut back on customer support , and attempt to exploit them at every possible opportunity in order to make more money . in short , intuit disrespects their customers . as a loyal paying customer , i will not be disrespected or taken for granted . their level of service and support has declined . their products constantly pimp you to spend more money on intuit as you try to use their programs . that is why i have sworn off intuit products when there is an alternative . why reward someone who treats you badly ? 
books pos 949.txt a wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a basic review of knitting but an introduction to a new world of knitting . thank you chapman tracy for such beautiful photos , tips , etc. i 've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
music pos 904.txt i consider this the first album in the second half of the career of oasis . following the departure of bonehead and guigsy , this album is basically all the gallagher brothers . having learnt lessons from be here now , oasis have gone back to a more basic style of production as opposed to the over the top production from be here now . while the songs are not as good on here , they sound better and the whole album sounds as if it was n't as rushed . this signifies a big change of direction for the band , with little less ego 's and a more sober approach to their music , it is only the songwriting that lets this album down . my least favourite of all oasis albums , it features two really good songs , 6 mediocre and 2 dreadful ones . it is missing another two songs to make it complete , i think it should have included the b'sides ' lets all make believe ' and ' carry us all' . it still includes a few beatle-esque songs ' who feels love ' and ' roll it over ' and noel once again takes over lead vocal duties , this time on two tracks , ' where did it all go wrong ' and ' sunday morning call' . this is a very important album , it grounded the band again after their ego 's had taken off . this helped relaunch the career and because of it they sound at their best today 
books neg 92.txt old fan as i am , this one ( and quite a few of the later ones ) was a huge disappointment . badly written , obvious plot , even more cartoonish characters than usual . time for cussler to retire methinks... . 
dvd pos 50.txt the direction of this film is excellent . i love all the characters and the way they interact . the storyline is very important also . it 's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other . it 's a well-paced and interesting story that 's not like anything else i 've ever seen . 
dvd neg 667.txt absolute junk , one of the worst films i have seen . you will be doing well just to stay awake for the duration 
software pos 732.txt i 've used turbotax ( or macintax in the early days ) for over 15 years to do my taxes . most of those years included some form of business income , requiring a schedule c to be filed . turbotax home and business is a terrific product , taking you from gathering documents , to educating you about the tax code and recent changes , to data entry , to electronic filing . it 's the whole package . one year , we used an accountant to prepare our taxes , because of a particularly unusual income situation with complicated tax implications . in the amount of time that it took me to write down by hand all the information requested on the accountant 's form , i could have typed everything into turbotax and had my taxes filed . plus , turbotax is less than the $250 average tax preparation bill . and that year i really missed the tax education i usually get by going step-by-step through turbotax , giving me tax saving strategies for the following year . faster . cheaper . plus tax strategy education . that 's why i 'm using turbotax again this year . p.s. there 's no income tax for my state , so getting the federal only version is saving me $10. thank you , intuit , for splitting that apart and giving me the option 
camera pos 208.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
health neg 640.txt printed all over the box are the words " with infrared heat " . the instructions state that you must add warm water to the machine before you start , and the infrared mechanism is supposed to maintain the water 's warm temperatures . this would n't be the case . the water cools in a matter of minutes after turning the bubbles and massage functions on . turning on the infrared light on top of the machine looks nice , but does nothing at all to keep the water warm . 
music neg 79.txt i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd 
books neg 348.txt book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness . many helpful hints about raising a gifted child . main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general - - and may push those with & quot ; normal&quot ; kids into thinking they have gifted ones and down that track - - when they should not . gifted kids are the exception , not the norm as this book makes it seem 
health neg 161.txt razor blades are expensive enough as it is , and the trend of " more is better " has reached almost ludicrous points in the industry . what 's that ? five blades , you say ? why , it must be better than four ! meh . i have fine stubble which grows in at varying angles across my neck . the good news is that , while other razors have always been unable to remove all of my stubble on the first try , this blade does , in fact , take care of the problem . in addition to this , it aggravated the skin quite a bit ( this might have as much to do with the vibrating action as with the five blades ) . the precious soothing-aloe strip had little to no effect on my skin ( particularly in the neck area ) . if you have sensitive skin at all , this might not be the razor for you . contrary to the experience of others , however , the extra " trimming " blade worked well for me when getting the spots along the edge of my mouth , under my nose , and when shaping my vast hedge-like sideburns . however , the five blades on the other side dulled remarkably fast . considering my rather fine hairs , i 'm used to exchanging blades once every week or so . now i 'm exchanging them twice a week . seeing as how this product is already so much more expensive than competitors ' products , and seeing as how it is designed to work exclusively with the fusion razor ( and vice versa ) , and seeing as how its lavish wealth of cutting action has clawed at my skin , i find it hard to recommend 
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great 
camera neg 130.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
music pos 81.txt before i review this classic rolling stones album , i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person . a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straits ( who are a good band but nit the greatest ) and green day . i say cut the shenanigans ! now that is off my chest , back to the review ! the rolling stones ' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records , which was distributed by atlantic at the time ( now virgin / capitol ) , entitled exile on main street was released in may of 1972. the album was the band 's only double studio album but is one of rock 's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic 2-record sets like the wall , quadrophenia , the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others . before guitarist keith richards ' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid-1970s , he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse . the album was recorded at keith 's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles . keith 's music and frontman mick jagger 's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street . songs like the opening rocker rocks off , the 50s sounding rocker rip this joint , the album 's hit tumbling dice , the country-ish sweet virginia , keith 's classic rocker happy ( and it is his most famous track which he sang ) , the slow-ish soul survivor , the fast-paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday . ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co-written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from 1969-74 ( his solos just rocked from 1969-74 ) . exile on main street was the rolling stones ' second consecutive #1 album and another million seller . the tour in support of the album saw the band getting bigger and bigger . almost 35 years on , this album is still a classic ! this album is hugely recommended 
software neg 871.txt this was my first year using turbotax , and it 's also my last ! since 1992 i was a faithful user of hr block 's taxcut for mac . in spite of it costing more than the windows version , i used it every year except for 1995 when various problems related to my aol dial-up service prevented me from using it . since turbotax is the only option out there for people who use a mac , you 'd think i 'd be continuing to use them for now on , - but you 'd be wrong ! i purchased my copy of turbotax deluxe from amazon.com to save $5. since taxcut made certain that no information from it 's software could ever be imported by other software , i filled in my personal data as i began . i was a little disappointed that turbotax does n't allow you to skip the " step-by-step " method , and just fill in the actual forms the way taxcut did as an option . while the downloads were an annoyance ( 6 or 7 separate files each time ) , for the most part the software was ok . picking up from where you leave off was n't always possible , but 5 or 6 clicks would get you back to the right spot . my first major annoyance came with the state software . after filling in some data , and seeing the overall results , i wanted to look at the forms to see what they were doing with my data . i also needed to see where they had placed data that was imported from the federal information i 'd entered . well , there 's no way to see your data on state forms until you 're finished and print them out ( or preview as .pdf files from the print dialogue ) . when you do that the software somehow magically creates the state forms for printing , but the state forms do n't seem to exist anywhere else except in that print spool ! i found this extremely annoying , and a real time waster . the final blow , however , was when i got to filing . the advertising is an unnecessary annoyance . since i do n't owe any state taxes , i just usually print those forms out and mail them in - - - it does n't make any sense to me to pay for filing something when i do n't owe anything and i 'm not going to benefit from that " faster " refund . then i came to the crusher . turbotax wanted $30 for e-filing my federal forms ! ! taxcut charged $14.95 and $15.95 , but then they always rebated the cost . i was told that intuit used to do that , but obviously they decided to make some additional money this year . earlier in the day that i filed the saw the head of the irs on cnbc being interviewed . he said that e-filing makes their job so much simpler . well , if it helps them that much , they should devise a way for computer users who buy software to file returns directly to the irs without intuit , h r block and the others as middlemen . and they should let us file for free if it makes their work so much easier . while i have had my doubts about the services that allow you to fill out online forms , and then do your filing for you , i have n't heard of any security problems with them , so that 's the direction i 'm planning to take next year . as far as i 'm concerned , turbotax blew it by being unfair with their e-filing fees 
dvd pos 770.txt ray sawyer ( rick cramer ) , agnes bruckner ( eden ) , laura ramsey ( rachel ) , jonathan jackson ( eric ) , and d.j. cotrana ( sean ) star in this scary and bloody slasher movie . eric and eden are going through any typical teen romance ; going steady one minute , broken up the next . eden works at a local truck stop as a waitress . one evening , ray pulls into the truck stop to get some food . known as the local nut case , ray has few friends and owns a filling station on the edge of town . later that same evening , ray comes upon eric and eden on a lonely bridge . swerving to miss eric 's jeep , ray instead crashes into an on-coming car . the impact of the crash sends the car slamming through the guardrail of the bridge . the car is now teetering precariously on the side of the bridge . ray jumps from his truck and goes to the aid of the woman inside the car . after pulling her to safety , ray goes back inside to retrieve a suitcase that the woman told him about . however , both ray and the car tumble over the side of the bridge and into the water below . to make matters worse , the suitcase is full of poisonous snakes , who immediately begin striking at ray . all that can be heard are ray 's screams as the car sinks . ray 's body is pulled from the water and taken to the local morgue . but it does n't remain there for long . it seems that the woman in the car was a voodoo priestess , and the snakes were used to " cleanse " people by drawing the evil out of them . now , the evil venom is flowing through ray . now begins a bloodbath of carnage as ray , possessed by the power of the evil venom flowing through him , begins to stalk unsuspecting victims . one by one , he exacts his revenge on eden 's friends until only eden remains . who will win this final showdown ; ray or eden ? i 've always been a big fan of slasher-type films , and characters like freddy from the " nightmare on elm street " series , as well as jason from " friday the 13th " . ray sawyer fits the mold of the typical slasher perfectly . the motives are the same ; kill as many teenagers as possible , and ray succeeds in this very well . i thought the story involving voodoo was well-conceived . the special effects were good , too . i recommend this movie to horror and slasher fans . although the movie is short ( only about 80 minutes ) , there 's lots of slashing in a short amount of time . if you enjoy a good slasher flick , then do n't miss " venom " . 
dvd pos 896.txt i did n't give this five stars because it 's some kind of oscar-worthy achievement , but if you are a fan of the quirky , b-grade fantasy genre that had its heyday in the late seventies to late eighties , then this film is a must . " hawk " offers hilarious jump-cut editing , dialogue that is spectacular in its badness , and probably the most memorable elf character ever put to film . for all that , the film is also remarkable for its innocence , in a time when cheesecake t&a fantasy like " the sword and the sorceress " and the infamous " deathstalker " series were the norm , " hawk the slayer " keeps it clean , and is all the funnier for it . if you have the right sort of friends , then snap this gem up , invite them over for beer and pizza , and have a go . it 's more than worth it 
health neg 102.txt this product is worthless . save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else . i 've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank . i 'm really surprised that amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in 
dvd pos 577.txt although tomorrow is yesterday is an okay episode , it is not one to rave about.it is certainly not one of the original series ' best . however , return of the archons is one of the best and one of my favourites.kirk , spock and mccoy investigate a planet where the inhabitants appear to be in a drug-induced state then rapidly change from walking peacefully and amiably along the streets into violent and looting maniacs that seem to lose all inhibitions . a mob attacks kirk and crew and they are forced to defend themselves with their phasers . it seems the planet is run by a man named landru , who advocates peace and tranquility to the extent that you get " absorbed " .a kind of brainwash conditioning into thinking only of harmony and serenity.later it is discovered that landru is a computor projection ; the edict of landru who died 5 , 000 years ago has been continued by a computer i just read a review saying the solution to the landru mystery wo n't surprise anyone , it sure surprised me . i did n't see that one coming 
dvd pos 85.txt that is what this film meant to me , looking at the kaleidiscope of life as it passes by , so sweet , so unsatisfying at times yet so perfect when the right person is there . this film is a poem to paris and the passing of youth , with the hope of recapturing that one love , which when found engraves itself so deeply that it is like a hinge in the mind , always present , always remembered , always desired . the two lovers meet , seemingly a lifetime away from when they met by chance on a train , and with instant rapport they tell eachother in the space of a few hours everything that happened since they met 10 years earlier . they see how much they meant to eachother , how much they still could , like two pieces of a puzzle that fit . this is a genuinely beautiful film , more mature than the last one , much sadder and in many ways better and more realistic . it opened that sense of mystery that i have known , in life and its surprises and potential in the luck of finding true intimacy . julie delphy is one of those rare women who gets more beautiful as she ages . she has become a sad person , stalled in relationships , though she is living up to her ideals . ethan hawke is struggling to grow with his success , in a down phase of his marriage and needing their friendship very badly . their relationship , so brief , rings totally true , in its humor , commitment , and occasional awkwardness . perhaps this is sentimental , but i think i have known love like this . it is an image more in my mind than the person perhaps , but our friendship is as deep as it was when we met nearly 35 years ago . some people simply pierce thru to the heart , earning a permanent place no matter who they later marry or what they become . it is an extraordinary sympathy for one another that is beyond sex ( well , maybe not too far beyond.. . ) . highest recommendation . this succeeds brilliantly at a snapshot in time , with an entire history implied behind it , like the greatest art . and i do think that the ending is ambiguous and must be interpreted , which is also so very much like real life 
music neg 66.txt um. i have nothing against bands that are " mainstream " . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music...better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh. nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm.. . bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer . 
camera pos 855.txt i really enjoy my photosmart r725. it 's small , easy portable , takes wonderful photos , and is very versatile in terms of settings . i just have one thing i do n't like about it , and that 's the fact that there is no viewfinder . there is an lcd screen on the back which acts as a viewfinder , but it 's hard to see in bright sunlight , and i 'm afraid that it will eventually become scratched beyond use . for now , it 's great but i 'm not sure how it will hold up for the long run . at the same time , it 's not spendy , so it might be worth it 
books pos 702.txt abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries . 
health neg 150.txt do n't waste your time and money on this product . i have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . all of them have had defective switches . amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3 / 13 / 0 
dvd neg 370.txt this movie is just terrible ; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre . women with terrible haircuts , dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture , jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all , awkward behavior , barely able to function socially...uh+gh ! the truth is , there are gay women out there who look great , have beautiful homes , have very progressive and meaningful careers , have talent and are entertaining and sexy . who says this is representative ? ? not in my world it isn't . i am so sick of these painful displays of us . anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general , and not talking about this stinker of a film . the filming is poor , the sound is dull...do n't waste your time . 
software pos 139.txt version 7 installed without a hitch and has increased the productivity of my business because it also works much better than version 5 
health neg 430.txt not really an improvement over standard mach 3 cartridges , and certainly not worth the price jump . the shave quality still does not match that by an " old-fashioned " safety razor 
books neg 826.txt i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done . 
dvd pos 851.txt this is the third dvd from shawn trautman that i have gotten ( swing and cha-cha are the others ) , and they are all exceedingly well done . they start from ground zero and progress in very small steps that are a snap to follow . by the time it 's over , you will understand the logic behind the dance and know enough to do well on a social dance floor . it will also get you pumped to learned more advanced steps ; you wo n't feel intimidated . i highly recommend it 
health pos 353.txt i ordered one of these for my girlfriend and she loves it . friends and family have tried it and are thrilled . this product will make holiday shopping easy for several women on my list 
books pos 635.txt i read this book on vacation . many years ago i read & quot ; in the shoes of the fisherman&quot ; and & quot ; the clowns of god . &quot ; i enjoyed both of these books but not enought to search out and read the third book in the trilogy . what a mistake ! this book contains the politics of power , the behind the scenes strugles and the fears and doubts as well as the faith and triumphs of the servants of the vatican , as well as the italian and international scene . the relationships both formed , forming and parting kept me glued to the book . the pace was fast and enthralling . do not miss this book . the end was somewhat predictable , but never-the-less still shocking 
dvd pos 75.txt this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy 
camera neg 805.txt i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality 
software neg 378.txt this product simply does not produce accurate results . it skips entire lines , words on the same line , and misreads even the most legible characters . it came bundled with my scanner , so at least i did not waste my money on it . do n't waste yours 
software pos 351.txt i find this product , easy to implement , train users , and monitor , manage any small business 
health pos 497.txt we all have very pale skin in my family , and these are great little " i forgot to put on sunscreen " helpers ! i keep one in the car , one in my purse , etc. , so we are never without one . excellent product , and easy to use 
software pos 382.txt if you have a mac , and are having difficulties with this dvd , here are some tips . are you opening it with preview ? if you just click on the icon on the disk , it will open in preview.. . but this will not work properly . you must use adobe reader to see the pages without the watermark . install adobe reader from the dvd . make an alias of adobe reader and put it in the dock . click and open the dvd icon . click and open the decade folder . do n't open the year folder.. . click and drag the pdf icon , ( such as ff_1960.pdf.. . i have the fantastic four dvd , so substitute whatever is appropriate ) , onto the reader alias in the dock to open . click on year . click on month . click on the magnifing glass icon to zoom to any size . i hope this is helpful 
software pos 972.txt if you 're looking to create the next doom 3 or half-life 2 , then i ca n't really recommend this program . if you want to make an advanced fps game , or a simple pong game , then i can recommend dark basic . in fact , dark basic professional is probably capable of creating any kind of game that you can come up with . the catch ? you have to program it yourself , all from scratch . dark basic makes manipulating 3d data extremely easy , but it 's not a game creation package which lets you click and create . if you are determined enough , it 's easy to learn all of dark basic 's commands , as half of programming a game is in the logic . dark basic will hardly limit you , and will give you capabilities that were probably impossibly hard for you to use in c++. the end result of creating a game from scratch results in a tremendous sense of satisfaction , especially when you share it with friends and family . although previous versions of dark basic professional had some hardly crippling bugs , most of them have been eliminated , and with the release of upgrade 6.0 , dbpro is a very stable development engine . overall , i totally recommend this to anyone who wants to create a game , but is determined enough to learn how 
dvd neg 155.txt i saw this at a friends house- -so thank god i did n't pay any money to see this bit of idiocy . i can only assume any good review you read was written by someone with a financial stake in the film ! the guys are not hot...not even lukewarm for that matter . the acting is terrible . please...anyone who had anything to do with this , do n't continue in the film industry . if it was possible to assign negative stars , i would do so for this awful experience . run away 
camera neg 855.txt when it was new out of the box it worked for baseball about 50% of the time if i was within a few feet of the pitcher or catcher . it seemed to become less effective each time i used it to the point that now i 'm lucky to get a reading 10% of the time . it still works for clocking cars but for baseball it is almost useless . 
music neg 868.txt stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review 
health pos 71.txt happy with price and product . very very easy to use ; fast and accurate 
books pos 953.txt i was introduced to this book while staying with a friend , and i was hooked . i went home and bought it so that i could finish it . i did n't know much about buddhism before i read this book . ms. boorstein 's stories read a bit like the chicken soup for the soul books . she has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing the buddha 's teachings . you do not need to be a buddhist to appreciate this book ! it 's very inspirational . since this book , i have read several more books to learn about the teachings of buddha 
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again 
music pos 101.txt this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest 
books neg 93.txt the author makes a couple of valuable points . first , any long-term investment strategy has to take into account the existence of recurrent " secular " ( i.e. , indefinitely long ) bear markets . most leading investment advisors recommend a " buy and hold " strategy , but this only works during predominately bull market periods . most studies of successful investment strategies are biased towards the recent 1982-1999 bull market , which is anomalous in historical terms . the author uses a plethora of graphs and charts to prove that " buy and hold " does n't always provide the best returns . obviously , then , it 's better to pull out during the bear markets , but that 's easier said than done . the author provides a very complete analysis of the characteristics of bear markets , including p / e ratio , interest and inflation rates , and gdp . the problem is that those characteristics do n't always correlate with market performance . for example , this book was written in 2004 and the author predicted a bear market . well , if you heeded his advice , you would have missed the bull market of 2004 , 2005 and early 2006 , especially in small-mid caps and foreign stocks . even with high p / e ratios , a bull market can continue for several years : witness the late 90s . it 's virtually impossible to time the market even if you monitor the major stock indexes on a daily basis . there is so much volatility on a daily , weekly , monthly , and yearly basis that 's it 's impossible to know when the market has switched directions . by the time that it is apparent , it 's too late to profit . even in the midst of great bull markets , there might be week , month , or even year-long downturns . the author says nothing about individual stock picking , beyond a general value approach . the book is all about big picture , long term trends . another problem is that the author 's predictions are based on his analysis of market trends going back to 1900. but the market ( and economy ) is a different beast now that it was in the 40s , 50s , 60s , and 70s . as they say , past performance does not predict future returns . the investment advice provided here is not useful . he suggests a " portfolio of hedge funds , " ignoring the fact that most hedge funds require a minimum deposit of 500k . he also recommends a " bond ladder , " an approach which can be easily replicated with a good bond mutual fund , and frequent rebalancing of your portfolio asset allocations . i do n't need to spend $25 and five hours reading to learn that ! one thing i did learn from this book is the impact of volatility , which is often ignored in investment strategy recommendations . volatility cuts into returns in ways that most studies do not account for . most studies just average the returns across years , but that does n't reflect real returns . let 's say you invest $100k into a stock that returns 35% the first year and -15% the second . your average return should be 10% a year , right ? wrong . at the end of the first year you have 135k . minus 15% the second year leaves you with 115k total , equal to 7% a year compounded . if you had received 10% a year compounded , your final total would be over 121k . that 's 6k difference in just 2 years , and the volatility costs add up . the book is very poorly written , plodding , sooooo boring , with tons of repetition . just as an example , the graph showing the " y curve " relationship between p / e ratio and inflation is repeated no less than 3 times . 
camera neg 140.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
books neg 933.txt i certainly agree that portis is a talented writer , but i just did n't find him all that funny . perhaps i 'm missing something , but i thought that the characters were strange enough , not amusing , just strange . i was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited . i forced myself to finish the book and i was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book , which comes at the very end of the novel 
music pos 911.txt i gotta be honest , when i first listened to this album i was dissapointed . but like any truly amazing album , it just took some decoding , listening to the songs multiple times reaaaallly helps to appreciate what these guys are doing . essentially , gat are four people who are amazing at what they do , and we should feel lucky that they have found a way to mesh together perfectly . their first album , emphasizer , blew me away , but i felt it lost steam around halfway through . this album does no such thing , and what is more impressive is that this is an all acoustic album , which means skerik is using the natural sound of his sax as opposed to the various effects that he is known for . this gives the album a much more natural feel and it shows that these four are able to make amazing music without any wizardry in the production department . but dont get me wrong , this cd sounds amazing . anyway , i saw them live last night in nyc , and they blew my mind.. . i recommend this cd to anyone , and see them live if you get the rare opportunity ! 
dvd neg 232.txt despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would 
dvd pos 280.txt stoners , music , girls . 80 's high school times in cali . it takes you back to when vans were cool and the girls had way to much hairspray . everytime i watch this movie im ready to hit the beach . good movie 
software pos 422.txt i am very happy with this turbotax.after my son showed me how to use it , i was hooked.in the past , i have always done my own income tax and every year it becomes more difficult.my wife is an independent contractor and by using this software , it made doing taxes a breeze and fun 
health neg 499.txt i bought this scale because i figured the price was right . well , as they say , you get what you pay for . first of all , it is flimsy in construction . i am under 200 lbs . , yet when i step on it , the cheap plastic bends down . you can just feel how thin and unsubstantial the plastic is . next , the first time i weighed myself , i found that i had lost 7 lbs . overnight ! if only this were true . i did n't believe it . i stepped off and got back on and i had gained back 5 of the lost pounds . off and on again - - and i was up another 4. if you like to just kind of average your many readings , then this scale will work for you . otherwise , take a pass . btw , and i was using it on a flat hard surface . 
music neg 485.txt atleast they are trying this time around . still no where near as good as the band was with max . pros : faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without max at the helm . guitar playing is passable . cons : lack of solos . derrick is still lacking as a vocalist . just is n't as good as old sepultura , songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable . bottom line : this album falls short of expectations . the current sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best . if you like old sepultura i suggest you not waste your money on this , but then again you might like it . buyer beware 
camera neg 798.txt my kids can see better through a toilet paper roll than this " telescope . " meaning , you ca n't see a freaking thing through it . do n't waste your money 
books pos 424.txt this book helps me understand . the book also helped me explain alzhiemers to families . i have recomended it to families 
books pos 440.txt this work will be regarded as a classic . it is the best work to date on the first crusade 
camera neg 641.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
dvd pos 919.txt robert redford has proved us his undeniable artistic gifts in previous occasions , but with this giant movie he really achieved that coveted pearl ; the state of art in all its wholeness . redford crossed over the traditional concessions and he got to prove art and cinema should not be divorced : good taste and profitability may gather and shake hands , if you respect the sensibility and intelligence of the spectator . this picture not only broke the walls and not only became the most ambitious , artistic and perfect american film in the last quarter of century ; besides , the mature and sensitive script around an awful event that will transform the livings and expand the reduced frontiers of two different ways of life , enhancing them when the tragedy became an unexpected gate for the bliss . redford ' s artistic personality has a secure place in the immortality and i really hope for him to bring us future films filled of that enriched vision where the rude vulgarity , the visible special effects big circus and the simple anecdote not only be absent ; and so the new directors to come , understand the true cinema meaning is art . thanks to his generous personal effort , for having created the sundance festival for new directors whose fruits will create new approaches and major visions . special kudos to him due that clinical eye for a very young actress in progress at those years : scarlet johansson . 
music neg 886.txt jimi hendrix was an ideal guitarist to lead a power trio , and he thrived in that format . he inspired other groups to attempt it , with varying degrees of success . but the experience was a unit , able to soar on stage in extended live versions of hendrix 's compositions . had it not been for the demon of discontent within the trio itself ( that curses so many otherwise excellent bands ) , the experience might have created several more inspired albums than it did before falling apart . the album band of gypsys was jarring upon its release to those of us looking for hendrix to continue to maximize the potential of the experience . at the time , loosely associated groups that traded off lengthy lead parts in a more or less generic old-style blues format were common and certainly not original - - much less cutting edge . it 's true that jimi does some respectable work on this record against the backdrop of the blues grooves supplied for him , but there 's an odd and unwelcome shift in the balance . buddy miles became a kind of intrusion into the world jimi had fashioned in his previous work . on a hendrix album , songs sung by buddy miles did n't move the bar ; they did not elucidate jimi 's universe . buddy 's drum work was simply not in the style of mitch mitchell , and that was a large step down from the experience 's innovative grooves in songs like " fire , " for example . listen to " fire , " and then listen to any cut on " band of gypsys . " listen to hendrix 's wild half-sung , half-wailed vocals on the previous albums , and then listen to buddy miles sing " changes . " you ca n't reconcile the two styles , and that would not be quite so bad if it were n't for the obvious fact that band of gypsys , under buddy miles ' unfortunate influence , were not a step backward toward traditional blues rather than another reach into the future already painted by jimi 's previous work in tracks like " are you experienced ? " and " third stone from the sun . " jimi 's guitar work put him several steps ahead of the blues in terms of making his instrument perform overdriven rock tone poems and distorted rock concertos on his behalf . band of gypsys turned jimi backward into a lead player in a blues band , which one might even have mistaken as being headed up by sideman buddy miles . that 's not what people bought a hendrix album for . it just did n't work very well as a release from what people still considered the hendrix experience . jimi seemed to have gone off track somehow , and the effect was to make him seem a little less what he had been up to that point . no doubt people got smoked up and enjoyed portions of the album that seemed like an intimate studio groove , but the cohesion of the experience , the clear creative identity of the hendrix experience was not there . you can say it was as simple as the fact that we missed noel redding and mitch mitchell , and that may be true . but whatever the line-up , people were not entirely ready for jimi to share his stage with any other would-be featured players . 
books neg 763.txt if you like redon for his vibrant color , look for another book . dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired redon 's imagery are the main topics of this book . most of the many examples are black and white drawings . however , the real magic of redon is his use of color in his mature works . this was not adequately represented . 
dvd pos 498.txt my girlfriend made me buy this video after a night of dancing at the local club . all i can say is that the way marlon builds steps made it easy for someone who has no coordination like me . looking forward to getting part ii next 
camera neg 150.txt i was going to buy this camera for my teenage daughter today , but after reading the reviews i decided that it is not a god risk if the customer service is that bad and the screen seems to break without any kind of impact . i 'm sure it takes nice pictures , but a lot of cameras take nice pictures . i have to go where the service will at least respect you . 
books neg 79.txt tim lahaye , jerry jenkins , and others in the pre-trib circle , such as ed hindson , tommy ice , chuck missler , etc. , continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago . the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture , it is foreign to the teachings of the early church , and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming . these men are novices and not prophecy " experts " or " scholars " by any stretch of the imagination ; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians . why continue to be deceived ? tim cohen , in his excellent book , the antichrist and a cup of tea , provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now . not only that , the same author ( tim cohen ) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ : the real rapture . if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture , then you need to hear tim cohen 's the real rapture ( based on a volume in his forthcoming " messiah , history , and the tribulation period " series ( see prophecy house 's web site for details on these items ) 
health neg 980.txt i had this for about 2 years , and was not impressed . it worked for a month or so , and since then , does nothing . if you fill it up with water , and then plug it in for several days , the water level never goes down . i 've tried cleaning it repeatedly , and tried various things to make it work , but apparently it 's just dead . it was a cheap product ; you get what you pay for 
books pos 838.txt angela davis stands in my perspective as one of the most accomplished women of the postmodern era . this autobiography draws from her childhood to her young adulthood . her account of prison life offers an unsentimental analysis of the sexual habits of women in prison . one factor that prevents me from giving this memoir a 5-star is her abandonment of her personal life as a woman . she focuses entirely on the black power movement . in closing , this memoir can offer women the strength to fight injustice but encouraging them to first empower themselves 
software neg 231.txt i would not buy it ! hard to use . my machine runs slower since the install . 
books pos 55.txt if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem . reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers 
music neg 188.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
software neg 294.txt the positive about pccillin is that it seems to work okay . it scans email and the firewall works okay . the negatives : - it supplies a lot of warning requests . this would be good , but they are n't explained in an easily understood dialog so you end up answering yes to permission requests without always knowing if that 's the best choice . - even though it supplies 3 license keys the program is a little buggy and sometimes loses the keys . if it loses the keys it disables the ability to update or click the customer service live chat button . the process of restoring the key on the computer is n't too hard , but requires a bit of assistance from customer support . - customer service is slow . sometimes i 've been lucky and gotten into support chat right away , but sometimes i 've had to wait 40 minutes or more . the support personnel do n't seemed to be trained technicians , but just phone support people reading through a manual with canned answers . getting to the right answer can take a long time and a lot of trial and error . i have used pccillin for about 2 years now . the latest version definitely is n't as good as it 's previous versions . i would n't recommend this product 
software pos 968.txt i have been using omnipage for several years at my law office and found that the ocr with this version is impeccable . i frequently scan and ocr newspaper and magazine articles . they are multi-column and the magazine articles typically have graphics and tables or charts . when i convert them into word documents i seldom get any formating errors . in fact , because the ocr is so good i have set up a batch process to run at night to ocr all the day 's work so my computer resoiurces are n't being taxed when i am in the office working . way to go nuance 
software neg 525.txt i contacted the program 's customer service department when the cards in this program printed off center no matter what i did . i received an email saying that this was a known problem with the program and a fix would be available by the end of january . mid-february i asked again about it as there had been no fix . that time they said it would be fixed by the end of february . i 've used their previous programs w / out problems , just wanted more variety so added this one . apparently not a good idea.... . 
books neg 49.txt was not impressed . narrow scoped , personal reflections , applications limited . i also read the male companion book wild at heart and was also not impressed 
software neg 8.txt imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review . these discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone . if you are a recent ( one hour ago ) immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the " burger king christmas song " , well , then you 're already ahead of these " learning " cds . ( my apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones ) . ( actually , i kinda wish i had one ! ) regards , older but no smarter 
camera neg 892.txt watch out they will not ship it for 40 days after you buy i 
music pos 491.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
camera pos 818.txt i was very happy with the product . it serves me well . fast delivery , good service by the vender . i got the project done and it will serve me well on into the future . great travel storage case , heavy plastic unit . good quality light stands 
books pos 284.txt sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing . holla back im going to buy this boo 
software pos 514.txt great backup solution . i install a second hard drive into someones computer and then let the software run and then forget about it . never fails . have not done a restore yet , but i would imagine it would be easy since i have an image of the hard drive and then the data that is up to date . also , bought the software from a vendor that amazon recommends , i do n't no why they do this , but the software listed on amazon is $49.99 which is the right price . i bought two from a vendor for $15.00 each . wow what a savings and a great markup for me 
camera neg 550.txt downside : 1. i 'll have to add my complaint to several others who had the same problem . the camera suddenly stopped working after nearly 18 months of having no problems . i switched batteries...let it set for some time without batteries or memory card in it...nothing is getting it to work . on top of that i now have a memory card with photos on it that i ca n't transfer to my computer without a working camera to do that . 2. not good with indoors pictures especially if you try the " night " mode . if you use that mode , even with a tripod , keep your subjects to still-lifes , only...if you photograph people and they happen to move even the slightest , they will at best be blurry , at worst they will look like double exposures . 3. indoors pictures set at normal mode , with or without flash , are no better and may even be worse than your standard cheap 35mm camera . upside : 1. through its usb cable , it booted right into apple 's iphoto software making the organizing and editing of photos that i took a breeze . 2. outdoors , with plenty of sunlight , gave me near-perfect pictures that got a lot of praise . kodak did well with this aspect of the camera 's ability , given the price . 3. we won this camera ( free ) so for me it 's almost all upside...except now i have to shell out $$$ for a good camera ( that will hopefully read my current memory card 
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite 
dvd neg 833.txt in this film made in uk and luxembourg , madeline stowe stars as senga . senga and her daughter nat are driving at midnight after visiting nat 's father . they bicker the whole trip and it just increases when they stop for a break at a rest stop . nat runs away with a mysterious girl who tries and recruits her into a mysterious cult . and we are left with a nerve wracked mother doing all she hectically can to retrieve her daughter . both the daughter and mother eventually learn that this cult kills people for their blood . why they do so is never explained . and even at this point when senga is trying to rescue nat , she still acts like a brat . the last third of the movie seems to just generate more confusion . and becomes unbelievable and my main reason for the rating i assigned . that good part of the movie has to be attributed to the direction , not the wirtting . the movie is dark and suspenseful . though you do not know what really is transpiring in this movie , it does keep you on the edge of the seat as senga tries to rescue her daughter 
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though 
books pos 506.txt i have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . it begins in genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . he ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . i always look for to the next reading 
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter . 
camera pos 27.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment 
dvd pos 406.txt i saw this back in 1985 when if first came out . it was wonderful . at first , i thought it was going to be one of those historical / tourist shows . but it wasn't . it could have been , though . mr. wood is a very charismatic presenter . but is what 's better is that he took the story of the story of the trojan war from the pages of modern myth to reality . i have read homer and i knew about schlieman , but other than that , i was ignorant of the trojan war . mr. wood started with what a regular person knew about the war and then took it into deeper level . i was fascinated by the connection he made to the hittite empire . the thought had never occurred to me that if a troy did exist , it might have trade relations with empires to the east . he also included experts in the fields of archeology , modern history and history of the period . i thouroughly enjoyed the dvd and have seen it several times . i also have the alexander dvd and shakepeare . " in search of shakespeare " , was fun . wood took the story of shakespeare down to the center of his human story . i would recommend all the wood " in search of.. . " programs . if you ca n't find the films , then read the books . the books are just are entertaining . 
music pos 220.txt evan dando has once again delivered an astounding collection of pop / punk songs . this album rocks like lovey and is almost as catchy as come on feel . i 've been listening to this album for weeks on end . 
books neg 220.txt if you liked whyte 's previous sophomoric efforts , you 'll love this . in addition to being the same dumb , hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books , this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler : in no real way does the story get advanced . arthur begins as a baby , and ends as a small boy . there are adventures , but nothing important happens . as usual , in whyte 's books , the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil , and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters . with all the ( totally ahistorical ) democratic rhetoric , merlin 's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in camelot . anyone who would read this , i guess , has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and does n't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence , caricatures who never grow or change , and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship . so go for it . but please , if you want something exciting that will also make you think , look at the really good arthurian efforts out there- -gillian brandshaw , a.a. attanasio , or barbara taylor bradford to name just a very few. . 
dvd pos 265.txt it is very nice and they delever it very fast 
camera neg 158.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
music pos 817.txt the ufo space travel theme of astonomy domine is continued on let there be more light saucerful of secrets and set the controls . rick wrights two songs are real good remember a day is one of the best on here . seesaw has interesting percusson . corporal clegg floyds first ww2 song is upbeat syds song jugband blues is one of the best early pink floyd songs.saucerful of secerets is a good early pink floyd cd it is an important part of pink floyds history . 
camera neg 469.txt i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon . 
software neg 810.txt systemic mechanic 6 seemed to be helping , since it handled a lot of the advertised functions well . however , the " repair broken shortcuts " function does not work properly . for a variety of reasons i use a large number of microsoft word shortcuts in my folder / file system . system mechanic " repaired broken shortcuts " on a large number of my short-cutted documents by directing the shortcut from the correct file target to the wrong file target . now i am pulling up documents which are similar ( but are actually older versions which i have save to an auxiliary hard drive ) or unrelated to the actual , correct target file . this has had severe productivity consequences , since i have to double check the target of every file opened via a shortcut . contacting on-line help was of no help whatsoever . 
music pos 163.txt okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that 
camera pos 967.txt i enjoy all the features of this item . the main compartment that hold the camera is soft and secure . you can open it without worrying about your camera falling off . the back compartment is roomy enough for all the basic gear . the slot for memory cards 1-4 ( depends on the card type ) , batteries ( roomy for four aa ) , and cables can fit in it . the shoulder strap is basic and looks flimsy . it 's not long enough to hold comfortable diagonally but on the side is good . the belt loop is very secure and can fit on belt three inch in width . it can even handle the worst environment ever . hot , dry climate with sandstorms and occasional accidental drops . it has protected my dig . camera very well 
books neg 488.txt this book refers to philosophical basis of buddhist practices as well as technical clasification of the states to be reached into meditative absortion . it is not a manual nor a guide . no meditation techniques nor yoga excersises can be found on the book . the style is simbolic and poetical . it is an interesting book but the name does not reflect the content . it will be interesting for people more inclined to scholarly work 
software pos 979.txt you will probably read 50 / 50 from the reviews on this software . having used the older poser software.. . one thing i am a fan of is miki and terai yuki...japanese virtual beauties and if you are a fan of japanese styled video games and the character designs , the fact that e-frontier is now the company behind poser 6 , i 'm so stoked . granted , the software with bundles ( best to buy it bundled with other cool software ) , there is a free software out called daz3d . daz3d content creators make stuff for daz3d and poser and vice versa but no matter if you go with the free program or poser 6 , the result will be the same...expect to pay money for content . i highly recommend getting the book " pratical poser 6 " because it 's very , very informative unlike the manual . next thing...before you buy...mosey down to daz3d.com , contentparadise.com , renderosity.com and ask yourself , can you afford to buy the content . content costs anywhere from free to over $100+. and the good stuff costs money...maybe not a lot but it does add up . the next thing to know is that after you buy the content , due to how the hair or clothing conforms to the body ( or how it 's placed ) , they are not organized . to make matters worse is that the names that the creators have called their work are long that the window for the selections ( figure , pose , hair , prop , etc. ) can get cut off and so , it becomes a bit of a choir to go back and forth to certain folders . but i got used to it and the thing is ....all developers for the content are helpful . content paradise is a great place to buy your content as well as from the creators websites as well . there is a lot of trial and error and i wish there were more undos...because really , although there is an undo...you mess up...you ca n't just undo...you have to start over your from your save file ( and hopefully you saved ) . nevertheless , the stuff i was able to create in poser is wonderful . i will say that i have spent a lot not just on the poser and the bundle but the content . it adds up quickly ! ! ! so , consider the benefits for you . although i love the characters from daz3d and the ever popular foxhair , i 'm more a fan for poser but still expect to be buying content from dax3d for use of poser . 
camera neg 337.txt i have had both the s5000 and the s5100 i was disapointed when my s5000 power switch stopped working after 18 months , but i was happy with the picture quality . i replaced it with the s5100 , it has a slightly better feature set over the s5000 ( in particular shutter speed choices ) while on a trip to niagara falls , i was unfortunate to give my camera a slight jolt ( and i mean slight ) after that it would n't power up . i am now looking for something a liitle more robust and reliable . 
camera pos 680.txt easy to get up and going . we run a floral business and it allows us to take great pics for the website ! worth every penny 
books neg 483.txt i enjoy reading sports fiction with my 10 year old son . the descriptions of this book suggested it addressed important themes which transcended basketball . however , as i read the book , i found the treatment of those themes quite superficial . in addition the book was bawdy . while it may accurately reflect locker room mentality , many readers may not find that mentality entertaining . it is not an appropriate book for children 
health pos 110.txt very handy that you can put it in your handbag wherever you go . you can use it to read those tiny words in the label when you are grocery shopping . better than magnifier glass because the width of this bookmark covers the whole line of a page 
software neg 28.txt warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them 
software pos 978.txt poser user since version 3. poser continues to improve . more life-like , faster 
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. . 
health pos 277.txt the product does what it says it cuts your hair and contains it all in a vacuum container 
software pos 405.txt i do n't know what other people are complaining about . i just installed vista ultimate a few days ago and i absolutely love it . no interface lag or any other lag at all . maybe the people complaining have weak or outdated hardware . those people need to turn down their settings if their not going to keep their computers on the cutting edge or at least near it . i 'm glad microsoft is n't waiting for people to catch up and are on the cutting edge . i 'd rather be the one catching up than the other way around . i have a core 2 duo e6300 overclocked to 2.5ghz , 2 gigs of ram , a geforce 7600gt and a western digital raptor 150g hd and vista ultimate works flawlessly on my computer . it 's not the best computer but it runs flawlessly , i built it myself and all the parts cost me about $850 off the net . i play world of warcraft among some other games and i have n't seen any problems yet with any games or any of the major software i use as of yet . i 've only encountered one problem and that was with my old soundblaster live ! 5.1 sound card which has discontinued support . no big deal , it was about time to get a better one anyway . vista is awesome , i love everything about it . it 's very futuristic and it is not a simple interface makeover at all like some clueless dummies proclaim . by the way , i only paid $110 for vista ultimate upgrade off ebay , check there first if you already have an existing os and want to save some dough 
health neg 803.txt i have placed the order on oct 9th for $114.95 , now on nov 10th amazon is asking me to approve my revised order again for $125.95. i made a mistake when i should have ordered directly from folica i could have used it for a month now ! the 1 star rating has nothing to do with the product quality , since i have not used it . 
software neg 647.txt everyone uses office . everyone is familiar with office . so why did ms change the interface to make it nearly impossible to get anything done ? i am computer savy ( i 'm an engineer ) and i find the new ribbon interface totally infuriating . worst of all there is no way to go back to the " old " drop down menu system . it honestly takes me 10x the time to get anything done with word / powerpoint because they 've buried functionality behind these ridiculous ribbons . ms claims that you will be able to be much more productive once you 're familiar with the ribbons . i do n't know / care whether that 's true or not . the learning curve to get to the point of fluency with their new ui is immense . so much so that the time investment to become proficient far far far out ways any " increase " in productivity....not to mention that it 's overpriced . offce 2003 is a far superior product 
books neg 432.txt i hate this book . it is extremely boring and it is way too long . there are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . do not read this unless forced to . i like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all cost 
dvd pos 787.txt it 's just like the hit tv show ! in fact they probably got the idea for the tv show from this movie . actually i thought it was more of a comedy than anything . i saw it on the " we " network . it 's worth the price if you feel like buying it . 
books neg 224.txt in seeking to develop my own grant writing course , i reviewed 20 books on amazon . i was sold on this one by its extremely high amazon.com sales rank...probably the highest of this category . nevertheless , i was shocked and taken aback by a comment on the introduction page , that harkened back to my eighth-grader days : " you 'll learn that in grant writing you especially need to cultivate two abilities : meeting deadlines and following directions . " despite the obvious comprehensiveness of the materials presented in the book from ms burke-smith 's experience , i do n't know who 's responsible for the talking-down attitude presented here . this is my first everything title , and i do n't know if all everything titles are like this , or if it 's from award-winning business writer ms tremore . all i know is after getting such an introduction , what reader would wish to proceed into the book 's depths with that kind of attitude by one 's hoped-for mentors ? 
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory . 
music pos 51.txt this album is absolutely beautiful . the full musical sound and talent of calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of iron & wine make the perfect match . it 's almost unheard of that i love every song on an album , but this one makes the cut . each song wraps you in a warm trance , a coccoon of well-being . it has a really positive emotional effect on me . it creates an ambiance of gentle strength . wonderful . i really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums 
music neg 519.txt as if metalcore wasnt a chainsaw to your head enough , its absolutely ridiculous when metalcore bands mix emo with there already inoriginal sound . this band sounds like a even more flaccid killswitch engage , a hawthorne heights / silverstein with downtuned guitars . as if it wasnt an abomination already , they even sing about vampires . yes , thats right , vampires . and you couldnt get any g*yer . 
dvd neg 82.txt i would love to review this lions gate dvd , but i ca n't catch one word in ten . it is not , as advertised , closed-captioned , and the characters ' speech is too casual and british for me to get . drat ! - - i was so chuffed to see there was a cc version 
camera neg 314.txt they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all 
books neg 125.txt i am not a student . i wanted to read the great gatsby but i had no one with whom i could discuss the story . i decided in a momentary lapse of judgment to supplement my reading with the cliffs notes . unfortunately , it was full of grammatical errors and what i found to be very superficial commentaries 
health neg 946.txt the product is great , i already have the uni-lateral one and it rocks , so i wanted to buy the bi - lateral aka 2.. and two times they have sent me uni ones that were labeled as bi. . so your best bet is to bi 2 uni 's by themselves until amazon fixes the problem. . 
health neg 995.txt i bought this scale as an upgrade from a wal mart cheapo scale . hated it ! ! i should have read the dimensions more carefully , but it was so large that it became the focal point of our bathroom . worse still , it never displayed the same weight twice in a row even when second weight was taken immediately after the first . had to reset it to zero and then the same drill happened again . returned the item , but ate the $11 return ship fee - it 's huge and heavy 
health pos 609.txt i bought the first mattress topper for myself and my husband . after the first night i knew i wanted one to put in our rv too . my husband complained about the smell when i unpacked the topper but that dissipates quickly and he too slept well and woke up without back pain for the first time in years . he had me order one for his sister for christmas . i thought my sister would enjoy this comfortable mattress topper so now i have purchased four ! this is a wonderful product . i would recommend it to anyone 
music pos 830.txt i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west 
books neg 354.txt this is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but does n't understand him / her . i was expecting some new information about a " secret language " . there was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog ; so what 's the " secret " ? i agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip . the author says that cats do not get lonely . well , that 's wrong . he also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served . how does one explain cats who live with homeless street people ? the title was deceiving 
books pos 813.txt this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing . great buy 
health neg 493.txt when i gave birth i had already bought packages of newborn huggies . they were horrible . i thought once my boys got older that maybe huggies would work then . nope . i 've tried huggies supreme and the cheap huggies . they are both made horribly and after your child goes in them once they sag so bad you have to go change them . i thought since everyone always talks about pull-ups that they would work once potty training time came around . wrong again . they leaked evertime he wore them . do not waste you money . i always ended up going back to the pampers swaddlers , cruisers , and training pants . pampers are the best . 
camera neg 399.txt bought this as an xmas present to myself - to bring along family photos while on business travel . i 'm now on the 2nd unit ( exchanged directly w / phillips ) , and am still having the same issue with it not reliably working with external ( in my case , sony memory sticks ) . the internal memory is pitiful , and unless you want to resize all the photos you put in it , you are not going to be able to hold very many internally . i 've yet to get the auto on / off feature to work , and while it is perhaps a pc friendly device , it 's certainly not always mac friendly - the controls are cumbersome to work with , and the directions meager . i wanted to be able to carry this in a backpack or carryon bag , the fact that the support stand ca n't be folded tight against the unit makes it difficult to do this - of course , no mention of this in the product description . also no mention that it only supports older memory sticks - no support for the new , ms produo sticks ( and no mention of that in the product descriptions either ) i thought i would get a quality product from phillips , and this certainly looked like it had potential - unfortunately , it 's turned out to be a piece of junk , one i 've been screwing around with for so long that it 's probably not returnable . do n't waste your time and dollars...................... . 
health neg 274.txt this remington razor is actually too sharp if you ask me . i used it for a period of several weeks and it caused my face to blister and it actually gave me more cuts than a 10 cent disposable razor . ouch . however , the shave is very close - expect to use a lot of cooling lotion with this razor . the design of the shaver mechanically is fine and appears to be fairly reliable - although its a touch hard to clean because the blades are super sharp underneath the foils . i have owned norelco and braun for more than 15 years and on the whole found them to be a more agreeable shave 
books pos 302.txt this is a resource used by all nps i have talked to . great addition to your library . 
camera pos 237.txt i have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time . i have tried backpacks , shoulder bags , duffel bags , but none of them really worked all that well . then i saw the lowepro street and field system with completely customizable pouches , vests , belts , and accessories . it works great , you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used ( put frequently used items in easier to access places . ) the variety alone of this system is worth the investment , but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus . you can get a case for any lens , camera body , or accessory you have . i even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle . one word of caution , be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch , because sometimes the lens will fit , but then the lens with the lens hood will not . i often carry 5-6 lenses , extension tubes , teleconverters , extra memory cards and batteries , and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets , which weights a ton . but when they are evenly distributed on this vest / belt lowepro system it is actually very manageable . the only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body . but if you can overlook that , this is the way to go . i have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems , in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses . many of the cases also come with a built in rain / snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed . you can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or do n't need to take all of your equipment , which is nice . i really ca n't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment , if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution , consider this , you wo n't regret it . 
music pos 881.txt i recently acquired this cd from my local indepedent record store . this is a wonderful cd . there is not much i can say . i am a pianist myself , and it is enlightening to see how this brilliant composer / player plays the piano . his style is completely unique . thelonius monk is one of my favourite jazz artists . i recommend this to anybody who has any interest in jazz 
health neg 317.txt i bought the duro-med 7921lcst-bg because of a back injury- -i need good back support in order to sit somewhat comfortably . this product is very disappointing . the material with which it is filled is of such a low density that it gives practically no support at all . if you need firm back support , i would look elsewhere ( i do n't know of a good source yet ) . if you do n't need such support , then i do n't know why you 'd have any interest in this product- -but i suppose there could be valid reasons that i ca n't imagine 
camera pos 285.txt despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration . 
health neg 938.txt i like the concept of no chemicals in a diaper , so i bought tushies . when my baby was newborn , they seemed to work ok , maybe because she did n't put out that much . she is now three months old . i practice attachment parenting so i know exactly when she has a bowel movement . the past two bowel movements the diaper has leaked horribly . she was sitting on my lap , she had a bowel movement , five seconds later i got up to change her , the feces was all over my pants . this has happened several times . the concept of the diaper is great , but the diaper needs some work around the legs 
camera pos 639.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
health neg 899.txt as an esthetician i would advise against using these sort of products . they basically sand your face off . please leave microderm and abrasive exfoliation to trained and licensed professionals . i can assure you that i am not just saying this to drum up business . i would much rather have people not do anything to their skin than to use a product like this . you initially see great results because of the aggressiveness of the exfoliation , but believe me , you will pay for it in the long run . the main ingredient in this product is aluminum oxide ( also referred to as corundum ) , which is characteristically known for its hardness , and is typically used as an industrial abrasive in sandpaper and as a component in cutting tools . this material is rated as 9 out of 10 on the mohs scale of mineral hardness , making it second only to diamonds in abrasiveness . you may argue that this is also the same substance use in clinical microdermabrasion procedures , but you need to realize that these procedures can only be preformed by a board certified plastic surgeon , dermatologist , or licensed esthetician trained in microdermabrasion treatment . i see people coming in every day who use these at home kits and products , and they all have the same issue ; it worked great at first , then after some time they started to notice that it was n't working as effectively , so they used it more often and harder . exfoliation of the skin increases cell turnover and helps prepare the skin for hydration and moisturization when done right . when this process is done more often than necessary , or in an overly aggressive manner , you can end up damaging your skin and causing permanent scar tissue build up and inflammation . people do n't seem to realize that there is oil on our face for a reason , it 's there to protect and moisturize our skin . when you constantly cleanse and exfoliate your skin , you are doing more harm than good . over stripping the skin causes irritation , break-outs , and heightened sensitivity that rarely can be reversed . when your skin is constantly bombarded by aggressive exfoliation , it 's defense is to build up thicker layers of skin for protection . so please , if you do use this , use extreme caution , do n't use it on your face , and do not use it more than once a week , if that . ask any esthetician , plastic surgeon , or dermatologist out there and they 'll tell you the same thing : there is a reason people do n't get facials , chemical peels , and microderm every day , or even more once a month . the adage " too much of a good thing " stands true here . if you need more convincing , please refer to the following links and make the decision your self . [... 
software pos 372.txt excellent for the novice . i callibrated three monitors with the spider . prior to calibration the images were completely different from each other - after i was amazed how close the images were to each other . the process is so simple that even a cave man could do it . 
health pos 259.txt clean and crisp . defined and smooth . i use burberry by burberry for all occassions but it is great for the evening . it has woodsy notes that remind me of autumn . i am very picky about my fragrances and i only use two regularly - - eau d'issey by issey miyake is my main scent , but i do use burberry sometimes on occassion and i love it . thats it 
dvd pos 728.txt i just saw this move for the first time in wide screen and it is a much different experience i must say . i think i have figured it out . in some other reviews i think batricia birch should have just stayed with the songs and the numbers . i think they should have got another director to get the rest of the movie off the ground . it is somewhat of a good story . i can see why it would be reversed ( a guy trying to get the girl , instead of the other way around ) . you see eugine in the beginning of the movie stumbling out of the bus . well if he were a senior in the first one then why is he in the second one ? ? ? ? also frenchie is not with the pink ladies at all . you see her by herself or just briefly with the other pink ladies in school . i think the chemistry between stephanie and michael were worked well together . the songs were written by the same people that wrote the songs for the first movie . so really the bottom line is that they should have gotten a different director altogether . i know i know it is not the first one . but sequels are usually not , but they usually have connections to the first . grease 2 tried to accomplish with frenchie and the tbirds , pink ladies and all . i am glad they were able to have eve arden , sid ceaser , plus other great actors of the 50s and 60s like tab hunter . is this movie cheesy ? ? ? ? yes is it done in less than expected direction ? ? ? ? yes . does it have good songs ? ? yes ( cool rider , reproduction , we 'll always be together , girl for all seasons / turn back , and back to school ) . the song skits themselves are good and with the same flavor of the first one . after all kiddies , patricia birch did do the choreography for both . so , in closing , this movie made it to my dvd collection if for that reason alone . if grease 2 is going to stink then let it reek . if it has its moments of good cute fun then let it have that . i think if you loved the first grease then i think you should at least give this one a try . 
camera pos 717.txt high iso and large screen were the reasons for my purchase . the screen is great but , when you force the iso 1600 , it seems to darken the pictures more than in 800. i have a s5200 and that one seems to adjust other options like white balance much better when an iso is set w / o having to go to full manual option . definitely something to improve ! the auto option seems to work much better and i was surprised with how good the high speed three frame shooting works . also , the two picture function ( it takes two with slightly different sets automatically ) saves me on a lot of ' re-posing 
music neg 75.txt i was disappointed by ms. jackson . though it 's not such a big loss b / c i did n't pay much for it . none of the songs " jumped " out at me . thank god i did n't waste time putting this on my ipod why upset it 
dvd pos 40.txt spurlock decided to undertake an interesting experiment with his own health ; eat nothing but mcdonald 's fast food for 30 days . the result ; his health gets ruined . while spurlock 's experience is not exactly a scientific study you could publish in the lancet , it is a disturbing examination of what fast food and soft drink are doing to our health . i rarely eat mcdonalds ( though i enjoy the odd coke ) however the restaurant chain is quite popular in australia , as it is worldwide . the strength of mcdonalds and other fast food chains is obviously providing tasty food at low prices very quickly to the consumer . mcdonalds essentially applied the industrial technique of mass production to fast food , and made ray kroc ( its founder ) a fortune . i do n't really buy the line that multinational corporations are evil , because they are multinational corporations ; we have to remember corporations exist in relation to governments and ultimately consumers , as well as shareholders . we happily buy coke , mcdonalds , cigarettes , and many other things obviously bad for our health , and yet seem to like to blame the company which provides that addictive substance to us when our health goes bad . in our individualistic culture , we tend to all too readily avoid self-responsibility and the virtue of self-control , and in my view this is part of the reason fast food exists . however , the rocketing levels of obesity , especially amoung children , are of great concern , and it is clear the marketing techniques often aimed at children by fast food companies is at least unethical . we need to make sure the tide of obesity turns in the negative direction , otherwise this generation risks dying earlier than our parents and grandparents . spurlock 's experience is a warning to all of us to take the warnings on eating well and exercising seriously , and not ignoring them for the sake of self-indulgence 
dvd neg 377.txt i ordered this dvd series because i liked kristy alleys performance in other movies and series . but this is totally different . a lot of bad language is used and a very adultrous lifestyle is promoted . after viewing two episodes i put it in the trash . watching this does not make me happy 
books neg 185.txt this is not a book i would recomend for anyone serious interested in rune casting . it tells nothing of the history of runes and it seems if the writer figured out what tarot card closely matches each rune and then wrote the book based off that info . there are much better books out there for rune casting 
dvd pos 340.txt backing up the review that pointed out m. night shyamalan 's earlier films the other movie is titled praying with anger ( also did screen play for stuart little ) . all three movies in the box set are great and worth watching again and again 
health neg 392.txt i liked this heating pad so much when i first used it that i immediately ordered a second one ( for what i expected would be a year or two in the future ) . what i liked was that the wiring was indeed much thinner than other pads , allowing it to conform to the shape of my body . however , the first pad lasted only two weeks before failing to heat . i returned it to homemedics and they ignored me . the second one lasted nearly a month before it to failed to heat . i will not bother wasting the postage to return this one , as obviously homemedics does not care about quality nor customer satisfaction . i recommend that you not waste your money on this defective product 
dvd neg 460.txt this version " wind and cloud - the storm riders " made in 2004 is not the same as " the storm riders " made in 1998. this dvd is a condensed version of a tv series packaged by tai seng . it is full-screen and was made for tv . it is pretty disjointed as it was condensed into 2 hours from 30 hours . most people doing the reviews for this dvd is confusing everyone writing positive reviews for the 1998 film staring aaron kwok and ekin chen 
camera neg 253.txt great features , right ? i just returned it after very disappointing results . here are just a few issues : 1. if you use a tripod ( and you will need to ) , you ca n't plug in the ac adapter to save on the short battery life , because mounting it on to a tripod covers the access to the ac connection . 2. battery life is very short . 3. if you want to protect the lens , you will need to buy the lens adapter and then buy a protective lens . 4. you ca n't take still photos with the flash if you are using the lens adapter because the adapter casts a shadow from the flash onto your pictures . 5. the automatic settings are horrible . the auto focus , auto white balance , auto anything will give you the worst results if shooting indoors . 6. you cannot adjust the manual focus or anything else once you begin recording . 7. quality is very poor when recording indoors without an enormous amount light . save your money . buy a camera with better features . i am waiting for the panasonic hdc-sd1 due in march 
camera pos 838.txt when the etx-90pe works , it works very well and makes astronmomy an easy hobby to get into . let me elaborate . first , the best telescope is the one you use most often . all too frequently people buy big telescopes that are heavy to carry , and that need frequent adjustment . the little etx weighs less than 20 lbs all set up ( including tripod ) , and never needs adjustment . it encourages frequent use . second , one of the most challenging aspects of astronomy , especially for the newcomer , is finding objects to look at . if you are not familiar with the night sky and where things are located , it can get very frustrating spending up to 30 minutes just to find one object to look at ! the etx 's built in computer makes finding objects easy - just select what you want to see from a menu , and the scope will automatically point to it . the optical quality of the etx is excellent . the manufacturer , meade , does a very good job of turning out optical systems that rank with the best . some of the most rewarding objects - the moon , jupiter , saturn , and the orion nebula look wonderful through this telescope . one final positive to mention is the ease of setup . the pe models are the easiest of all telescope to get up and running . just turn on the power , press one key on the hand held computer controller , and in a few moments the telescope will start aligning itself so that it will automtically find objects for you . you do n't need to worry about where north is , or what the current date , time , and location are . now some cautions . first , the etx-90 is a small telescope , and will not show as much as a larger one . that is the trade-off with getting a portable instrument . there are larger etx models that are almost as portable , so these might be a consideration . also , understand that there will be a learning curve when using the built in computer . it 's not hard , but you need to have some patience while you learn the procedure . finally , be prepared for some quality control issues . as good as the optics are , some etx 's have some mechanical problems that require a return to the factory for warranty repair . my own etx-90pe had to go back to the factory twice . but once all the problems were fixed , it was well worth it ! on this note , you can purchase an extended warranty from the manufacturer at a reasonable price , and i would recommend doing so 
books neg 245.txt if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book . 
camera neg 367.txt very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country 
camera neg 625.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners against . the first red flag is the ridiculously high maximum magnification of over 700x . do you know what you will see at 700x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless , smaller than the bare minimum size of 6x30. finding anything but the moon will be time-consuming and frustrating . the low power 20mm eyepiece may or may not be usable on the scope , depending on its design and field of view . that the design information is not given in the ad is disturbing . and do n't even think of using the 4mm ( high power ) eyepiece or the barlow . i do not recommend equatorial mounts for beginners . their tracking properties are primarily for astrophotography , and for this they require careful setup . the equatorial mount on this scope is provided primarily as a marketing gimmick to impress nave buyers with its complex " scientific " appearance . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on amazon ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
books pos 736.txt this is a colleciton of seven or so stories told by a mouse to mice about mice . it is one of those books that is simply fun to read , particularly to the wee ones at bed time . the illustrations are quite good and the nicest thing about the stories are that they are just about as much fun for the adult to read as it is for the kid . very nice illustrations , well done . recommend this one highly . 
camera neg 653.txt i bought the camera in may of 2006 , as a graduation gift for my son . he loved the style and compactness . he experienced focus / zoom problems after 1 use . unfortunately he did n't start to use the gift for 2 months or i might have been able to return to amazon for a refund . contacting fufifilm has been overly cumbersome . their website is not straightforware and their voice response system is not user friendly or responsive ( long waits ) . they have had the toy camera ( as this is being written ) for over a week and when i called yesterday for status , they told me that the camera " has n't been diagnosed yet " . i expect it will be , once their 90 day warranty expires , which will limit fujifilm 's liability to the 1 repair . i have a mean case of buyer 's remorse . i might as well have taken the ~$235.00 spent on this camera and tossed it in the street . if you own one and it does n't require repairs , you might like it . if it ever requires repairs , you might feel as i that you would have been better to purchase a disposable digital camera . save yourself the potential aggravation and look to a camera that has a longer warranty , a better support environment or by all means purchase the extended warranty . you may still face the frustrations but will have the consolation of knowing that it will cost you no more then shipping to have it repaired . i bought it in may of 2006....i feel like i lost it in july of 2006. if i could have given the z1 less then 1 star , i would have . that 's what it deserves ! ! & %$$##444en fujifil 
camera neg 573.txt i bought this camera just under 12 months ago and recently the battery cover door would not stay closed . i sent it into nikon along with my proof of purchase and about a week later got a letter saying it would not be covered under warranty . the repair charge with shipping and tax would be $115.22. i am the only person that uses this camera and it was never dropped or abused . battery was only taken in and out maybe 4 or 6 times over the time i had it . for this reason i would never buy another nikon product again . next digital camera will charge without removing battery . camera takes great pictures , but ca n't do business with a firm that is very difficult to get ahold of and does not honor their warranty . bye bye nikon 
software pos 524.txt very pleased with performance ; have used it before without problems 
software pos 116.txt good for those looking for a vector collection . not so good for those looking for photo clip art , as photos are " high-res " at 200 dpi . i suppose the photos are useful to an extent , but the usefulness is limited by size . i was looking for vector art , so i am satisfied 
books pos 80.txt rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it 5 stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time 
health neg 833.txt i purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it . i already have the penguin which is also by this company...and that one worked perfectly . i do n't know if it is because of the design...but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running . you have to constantly shake it to get it going again . obviously a manufacturer error . i must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at . my kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute . but , it just did n't work 
health neg 885.txt i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair . 
camera neg 181.txt i purchased the canon powershot s500 digital elph last march . i kept getting blurry pictures so i called canon technical support . they went through the whole procedure to make sure my camera was all set up . well i followed their directions but everything was the way it should have been . so they said i should send it in because there was obviously a problem with it . then i sent it in and had to pay for the shipping there . they sent it back and said they had switched out some optical thing . well i just finally went to get my pictures developed and they all have the same problem . they never fixed the problem . mind you this was the approximately 9 months of my son 's life before the age of 2. i called tech support and ended up having to wait more than 24 hours for a call back from a supervisor . she said they would send me pre paid envelope to check out the camera . well i was greatful and had to tell her that during babysitting in late august a little boy had dropped my camera so there was damage to the outside part of the camera , but it did not effect the quality of the pictures because they were the same as prior to the day it was dropped . she said that they would probably not cover it due to the fact that it might have been caused by the dropped camera . i told i have proof of when it happened and that the pictures prior to that date are coming in blurry just like it was before i sent it in the first time . i started to cry that my son 's 9 months are all ruined and she was practically laughing when i got off the phone . the camera is worse than a disposable camera . do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . i recommend olympus . my olympus prior to this was only 3 megapixels and was better quality than this piece of junk . i am planning on contacting the better business bureau regarding this matter . please do n't waste your time on this , like i have to ! i hope this helps people make better choices ! good luck ! i wish someone could have forecasted this for me 
books pos 805.txt " typee " is based on melville 's experiences when , as a young man of 22 , he " jumped ship " from an american whaling vessel on the island of nukuheva in the marquesas islands of the south pacific . it is written in a straightforward narrative manner , but it is a work of fiction , not a journalistic report , something that is often overlooked . while , like " moby dick " , it contains lots of factual details , mostly quite accurate as confirmed by subsequent research , it is a much more complex tale than it appears to be on the surface . for a first novel , written when melville was only 27 years old , the narrative power is quite impressive , as for example in his description of the escape from the ship over the mountains to the valley of the typee . in the early chapters , themes of peace , beauty , and sensuality are combined with melville 's righteous indignation at the activities of western military and religious intruders to create the illusion of an earthly paradise . gradually dread , loneliness , horror , and fear of annihilation come to the fore , as " tommo " , the protagonist , becomes convinced that he is being kept for eventual eating at a ritual cannibal feast . he is finally rescued almost by chance , and because of conflict among the typees . i read the oxford world 's classics paperback edition , which has an introduction by ruth blair , an australian professor of english . it was very helpful with melville 's historical and literary sources and the geographical and cultural context . the chapter on " typee " in " studies in classic american literature " by d.h. lawrence adds a further depth of understanding . newton arvin 's biography of melville helps to place " typee " in the development of melville as a writer . highly recommended in its own right as a superb example of 19th century american romanticism , with hints of the impending metaphysical explosion of " moby dick " 
camera neg 279.txt i purchased this along with a sony dcrhc21. this carry case was listed as an accesory so i expected it to be appropriately sized ( as other sony cases i 've purchased fit like a glove ) . this case is entirely too large to hold a minidv camcorder . the camcorder rattles around inside it . if you have extra attachments and lenses maybe you might need this one . otherwise i suggest you look at the product specifications , note the dimensions and then look at your camcorder 's size . 
books neg 566.txt this is a nice book but it does not contain provencal style interiors ! i am not sure how the author came up with that title since anyone who is interested in french country will not find it here . if you are truly looking for provencal decorating ideas-this is not the book for you . confused ! ! 
camera neg 323.txt the camera feels slick . the software that comes with it gets a 4 star for efficiency , though the intuitiveness is not its strength . while the large lcd display is terrific ( the main reason i got it ) , it is worthless in a high glare situation . you ca n't see what you are shooting . it 's worthless ! and since nikon did not give you a viewing lense for such situations , there are times whey you have no idea what you are shooting . while the viewing wheel , to rapidly cycle through the shots you 've taken , is quite handy , the rest of the navigation is less than intuitive , and often takes so long to figure out that you give up . pictures are generally good , though the conditions have to be perfect , or you get grain or blur . there is one lovely feature , but it is only useful on a tri-pod . it is a function which allows you to take a flash photo and have the aperture remain open for a little while after to fill in the background . it creates flash shots without the black void background typical of such pix . i use that feature a lot , but its worthless without " legs " for the camera . i bought this on a whim , counting on the nikon reputation . had i known , i would have stuck with the canon 
software pos 217.txt it is wondeful software . simple , easy to use , user-friendly , and very accurate in the pronunciation . buy this cd . do n't waste your money on the subscription at merriam-webster 's website . also try the medical dictionary . it is as equally superb 
dvd pos 274.txt brosnan is great , kinnear is really funny , a gem of a movie 
camera neg 135.txt ok , i imagine if you forked over the $900 for this baby you would not want me telling you that you got a bad deal , but i am going to say it anyway . this little baby is way over priced , not to mention you need a lot more than just this to make it work . you need a wireless router ! ! so rather than just complain , let me tell you what i want canon to do about it and maybe we can start a revolution ! with cf cards in the 12gb range it does n't make sense that you would need this for capacity reasons ( i know those of you with the biggest and brightes 16mp that shoot in jpeg & raw on the highest settings just laughed at me ) , however where this item is worth it is if you want to immediately see your shots on a big screen or computer without having to take the shot , take out the card , etc. what i want is a bluetooth compact flash card . they make these so i know it is possible . i would like canon to offer support for these compact flash cards so that i can immediately sync my bluetooth computer with my bluetooth camera . now that would make it so that when i am in the studio or shooting a wedding , i have the mobility 30 feet - 90 feet depending on card and i do n't have to drag along a wireless router and i saved myself $700. get to it canon - i am waiting ! ! ! 
dvd neg 620.txt even though amanda is quite attractive , the camera work is bad , the lack of professionalism throughout make this naked yoga dvd a bitter disappointment . there are few close-ups and when the camera operater tries to get in close focus goes out the window . a bit of rehearsal may have made the actual yoga scenes a bit better . if you are looking for an accidentally soft focus dvd of a relatively pretty young lady doing joga naked while she discusses what she is to do with the photographer and looking lost , this is for you 
camera pos 529.txt bought these batteries & charger just before going on an overseas trip . i did n't want to be bothered with frequently changing aa batteries , which seemed to last only a day or so of heavy use . i was quite pleased with the performance of these rechargeables . they lasted several days of heavy use before needing to be charged and they re-charged in only a few hours . a big bonus that i did n't expect : the recharger is compatible with european 240 voltage so i did n't have to use an electric converter ! 
software neg 811.txt why buy iolo system mechanic when you can get malware for free ? i installed pro 7 and it gave many , many problems . iolo did not respond to my emails so i uninstalled . their uninstaller did not work either 
software neg 740.txt the res on the artwork here is less than miserable . the interface is high-tech circa 1996. i 'm dissappointed in this purchase . i would have thought it was fantastic when i bought my first pc in 1993 
health pos 619.txt i get this stuff for my husband . he 's got really thick hair and it has the tendency to get oily but this stuff makes his hair perfectly soft and shiny . it 's worth the money 
dvd pos 755.txt rko radio pictures present " born to kill " ( 1947 ) ( 92 mins / b&w ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) - - - starring claire trevor , lawrence tierney , walter slezak , audrey long & phillip terry - - - directed by robert wise and released in may 3 , 1947 , our story line and film , uncompromising film noir which sees psychopath tierney marry wealthy girl long , only to feel more in common with the black sheep of the family , his wife 's sister ( trevor ) . deliciously dark and directed with enthusiasm by wise before he 'd made it big , born to kill is a genuine oddity which explores the dark side of sexuality without moralizing , with the bonus of a cracking murder plot to add some spice . tierney pitches his performance just right ... the film sits well with all those minor noir classics the late 40 's and early 50 's with apparent ease : wise 's own " the set-up " ; anthony mann 's " raw deal " and the " t-men " , " kiss of death " , and ray 's masterly debut , " they live by night " . under robert wise ( director ) , herman schlom ( producer ) , eve greene ( screenwriter ) , james gunn ( book author ) , richard macaulay ( screenwriter ) , robert de grasse ( cinematographer ) , constantin bakaleinikoff ( musical direction / supervision ) , paul sawtell ( composer ( music score ) , les millbrook ( editor ) , albert s . d'agostino ( art director ) , walter e . keller ( art director ) , sid rogell ( executive producer ) , darrell silvera ( set designer ) , john sturtevant ( set designer ) , edward stevenson ( costume designer ) , russell a . cully ( special effects ) - - - - the cast includes lawrence tierney ( sam wild ) , claire trevor ( helen trent ) , walter slezak ( arnold amett ) , phillip terry ( fred grover ) , audrey long ( georgia staples ) , elisha cook , jr. ( marty waterman ) , isabel jewell ( laury palmer ) , esther howard ( mrs. kraft ) , kathryn card ( grace ) , tony barrett ( danny ) , grandon rhodes ( inspector wilson ) , jason robards , sr. ( conductor ) , netta packer ( mrs perth ) , sammy shack ( crap dealer ) , philip warren ( chauffeur ) , tommy noonan ( bellboy ) , napoleon whiting ( porter ) , ruth brennan ( sally ) , sayre dearing ( crap dealer ) , jean fenwick ( margaret macy ) , lee frederick ( desk clerk ) , ellen corby ( 2nd maid ) , demetrius alexis ( maitre d'hotel ) , al murphy ( cab driver ) , sam lufkin ( crap dealer ) , beatrice maude ( cook ) , ben frommer ( delivery boy ) , perc launders ( detective bryson ) , martha hyer ( maid ) - - - - - film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe hollywood crime dramas that set their protagonists in a world perceived as inherently corrupt and unsympathetic...hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s...film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in german expressionist cinematography , while many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hard-boiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the united states during the depression...the term film noir ( french for " black film " ) , first applied to hollywood movies by french critic nino frank in 1946 , was unknown to most of the american filmmakers and actors while they were creating the classic film noirs..the canon of film noir was defined in retrospect by film historians and critics ; many of those involved in the making of film noir later professed to be unaware at the time of having created a distinctive type of film ... featuring top performances from the ' 40s and ' 50s with outstanding drama and screenplays , along with a wonderful cast and supporting actors to bring it all together ... another winner from the vaults of almost forgotten film noir gems special features bios : 1. lawrence tierney date of birth : 15 march 1919 - brooklyn , new york date of death : 26 february 2002 - los angeles , california 2. claire trevor ( aka : claire wemlinger ) date of birth : 8 march 1910 - new york , new york date of death : 8 april 2000 - newport beach , california 3. robert wise ( director ) date of birth : 10 september 1914 - winchester , indiana date of death : 14 september 2005 - los angeles , california hats off and thanks to les adams ( collector / guideslines for character identification ) , chuck anderson ( webmaster : the old corral / b-westerns.com ) , boyd magers ( western clippings ) , bobby j . copeland ( author of " trail talk " ) , rhonda lemons ( empire publishing inc ) , bob nareau ( author of " the real bob steele " ) and trevor scott ( down under com ) as they have rekindled my interest once again for film noir , b-westerns and serials - - - looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage serial era of the ' 20s , ' 30s & ' 40s and b-westerns ... order your copy now from amazon where there are plenty of copies available on vhs , stay tuned once again for top notch action mixed with deadly adventure - - - if you enjoyed this title , why not check out vci entertainment where they are experts in releasing b-westerns and serials - - - all my heroes have been cowboys ! total time : 92 min on dvd ~ turner home video ~ ( 7 / 05 / 2005 ) 
camera neg 956.txt i own many sony products , including a sony cybershot dsc-f717 , which i love . however , i am very disappointed by this camera , the sony cybershot dsc-t5. i bought the t5 for my mother and father as a present . it is small , lightweight , portable ; easy to use ; and stylish . it does take nice photos in brightly lit environments , especially outside . however , after several months of use , a few problems have become consistently evident : ( 1 ) there is horrible red-eye ( and white-eye ) artifact in many pictures . the so-called " red-eye reduction " setting does nothing . ( 2 ) dim-light photography is very grainy , with lots of noise . night-time photography is impossible . these problems are not unique to our camera.. . you will find many corroborating reviews above . overall , i am very disappointed in this camera , and wish i could exchange it for something else . do not buy this camera . other reviewers suggest the t7 or t9 take much better pictures ( and they are still small pocket-size cameras ) . 
camera neg 794.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job ! 
books pos 798.txt i would recomend this book to anyone , it is fantastic and funny . it made me laugh . it really took my imagination on an adventure . you really need to read this book . 
health neg 871.txt i ordered 2 of these . only 1 came with the ac plug . that was disappointing 
books neg 96.txt the amount of violence in this book is excessive over relatively insignificant motives . i had a hard time believing all this was happening in 1948. i am not questioning mosley 's portrayal of racism . however , i did a little research into just how violent place los angeles was in 1948 , and the answer is not very . there may have been poverty , racism , alcholism , but l.a. county seemed pretty safe ; the late 1940s had some of the lowest homicide rates since as far back as one researcher was able to find , 1827 ! mosley may have been more familiar with l.a. of the 1970s and 1980s and just assumed that it had always been that way . throw in speakeasies , gangsters hijacking liquor trucks , and one gets the impression that mosley is confusing the 1948 with 1928. i am not so pedantic as to insist that fiction be historically accurate . but many , many people hail mosley for depicting a dark side of life / era / place that had not been shown before . from what i can tell , he has simply combined stereotypes from the 1920s and 1970s ( i guess those years average to be about 1948 ) . mosley is depicting a fantasy world of his own creation . however , i doubt he ever tried to pass it off as authentic , and i hope readers realize that it is not . easy rawlins in this novel falls into the rather weak , but unfortunately large , group of fictional detectives that actually accomplish little detecting . a detective actually solves a mystery using his own intellect ; that is interesting to read . detectives in less skilled hands solve mysteries via confession . easy does solve one of the murders on his own , but just about everything he " solves " is simply confessed to him . i find that extremely dissatisfying . mosley has packed the book with violence , but seems to know very little about violence himself . none of the fights are well described . easy , for being a self-professed " killing machine " ca n't actually fight worth a damn and is surrounded by guns but does not apparently know anything about them . they are either big or they are small . he does not come of as being hard-boiled , but rather a pathetic braggart mosley does show signs of being a very good writer . but i think he is too far over his head in this genre to come up with something exceptional . i imagine that his work must have improved , but this effort is nothing to get exceited over . and again , i do n't obsess over accuracy , but a little bit of research would have gone a long way in firming the foundation of this novel . 
music pos 437.txt i must agree with the comments made by other reviewers . this album is great . nancy wilson 's voice on this album is unlike anything i have ever heard . you ca n't honestly say you 're a fan of jazz if you do n't own this 
software pos 61.txt there are complaints about win xp sp2 being too expensive or complaints about technical problems . it is too expensive , but it is the standard at so many companies , big and small , around the world . i just wanted to say that anyone who gives windows xp sp2 a one star rating really does n't understand much about the windows operating system , and therefore you should not take into consideration their uneducated opinion about operating systems in general . the price is a bit high , but windows is what it is.. . a dominant operating system 
health pos 427.txt this razor is fantastic . the gel pieces are very soft and keep even my dry skin from being too bad ! ! the only problem i had with it was the gel parts do n't last quite as long as a bottle of shaving cream / gel would . but if you are looking for a quick , handy and yet still good shave , this is exactly what you are looking for 
dvd neg 305.txt for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his / her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his / her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his / her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie 
health neg 314.txt upon purchasing this product , i 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product i normally purchase at the salon . i was horribly disappointed . it was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . the normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . i would very much like to return this . it 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . i was sorely disappointed 
health neg 684.txt this product is called a " bouffant style oversized " shower cap . it is so small that it would not fit over my wife 's head . the product features list claims it is made of " soft , pretty fabric . " in fact it is made of thin , crunchy plastic . it is so poorly made that the stiching is crooked , overlaps and has threads hanging in several places . this shower cap went directly in the garbage 
music pos 498.txt this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia 
dvd pos 110.txt i will be utterly honest , i do n't buy music cds anymore . with so many bands hitting the streets faster than i can imagine , i honestly cannot keep up with them all . music begins to sound the same , corporations seem to have their pre-determined hit prior to the public even forming their own opinion . those like the simpsons , backstreet boys , and even hip-hop artists are blending together to sound uniform , unoriginal , and overly drab . i had nearly lost my faith in music , retreating to some of my older music like dmb , counting crows , and travis , but then i found ... the suns . stumbling around the internet i discovered , shockingly , one of the videos to their album called " romantic death " . it was one of the most creative and disturbing videos that i have seen in quite some time . then it hit me , i could n't get this song out of my mind . throughout the whole day i had the beat , the lyrics , and the overall sensation of the song stuck in my mind ... and i had only heard it once . like a drug , i needed more . when i returned home that evening i found the song again and could n't stop listening to it . for the first time in a long time , i had found a new band . then , i bought this album . knowing nothing about the band except for the " romantic death " song , i put this in my dvd player and continued to be impressed . their videos are just as smart as their music . their tracks seem to cover every genre of music from folk , rock , and even hard edge . their lyrics seem well-considered , smart and a voice to a new generation . my favorites of the album are : " must be you " " romantic death " ( parental guidance is suggested ) " lost at home " " rockstop " " we tried " in fact , every time i listen to this album i find a new song to explore , a new song to jam to on the way to work ; a new song to enjoy ! for those skeptical of this band , i suggest this album to test your tastes . not only does it provide songs for you to burn onto other cds which allow friends and family to explore this band , but also all of their energetic , original videos that will never see the light of day on mtv , but can be watched from the leisure of your dvd player . the sun are a breath of fresh air to the music industry and this album finally got me out of the corporate rut that seems to be plaguing this industry . " ...if the rockstops , it 'll be all my fault.. . " grade : ***** out of ***** 
camera neg 393.txt this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality 
dvd neg 317.txt went to see this movie at the imax in san antonio this weekend . i have to say i actually laughed most of the way through . the effects were decent , but most of the time i had trouble making anything out due to the fuzzy 3d effects . that was when i was n't having to " look around " the bird statues and gargoyles that popped up in the foreground of the shot in blazing white about six inches from my face making it completely impossible to focus on the actual movie . some of the torture scenes and the faustian plotline , along with the hideous firey face that is mr. d make this movie too dark and scary for anyone under the age of 10 , but the terrible plot along with the worst voice-acting i have had the displeasure to hear in my life make the film unbearable for anyone over the age of 10. basically , i guess you could say i was slightly displeased with the movie . i do have to admit that i got a hearty laugh when the main character , johnny ( played by jasper steverlinck , an up-and-coming rocker and lead singer of the band arid , a decent rock group that was featured at the end of the movie in the only bright spot i could find in the movie ) throws his guitar into the fire and begins singing opera to defeat the evil mr. d and destroy the haunted castle . unfortunately , the scene was designed to be serious 
software pos 982.txt the program is over what i expected . performance is great and such a useful tool 
dvd pos 2.txt i covered a similar theme in my international relations ma - whilst any programme made for tv has to be reasonable breif on the subject , i found this to be a very well argued and produced programme . i recomend it , not so much as some dark conspiracy , but more a genuine question about large private interest with huge influence in a democratic country . we should question to make sure that what happens in our name , is always in our interest 
books pos 952.txt it is almost like dream comes true when i saw the revised , new second edition out at the bookstore . the imrpoved edition not only has amended the errors or typo in its predecessor , but has graciously added new / updated materials in synthesis . you may see it as an equivalent to jerry march 's advanced organic chemistry but a whole different approach . the sections on oxidations , reductions , and organoboranes are excellent . since organic synthesis is a broad and infinitely growing field , not a single book covers all the principles and gadgets of organic chemistry . use it as an encyclopedia or along with popular title like nicholaou 's classics in total synthesis in order to enjoy the wonders of organic chemistry 
software pos 220.txt i have a question about this . i 'm wondering if i can hook my guitar into my computer and record it and then like add drums and loops an stuff onto it . is that possible on this program ? cause my friend has acid pro 4.0 and that is really awesome but it 's like $400 and i dont have that kinda money . wut i liked about acid pro 4.0 is that you could hook up ur guitar to the computer and stuff like that , so im wondering if you can do that on this program . if u have an answer for me , e-mail me at peepilott@aol.com . 
books pos 156.txt i was referred to this book by my midwife ( debra o'conner ) as a book that i had to read as it 's content was so & quot ; right on&quot ; and was she ever right . i know alot about my body . i am a licensed massage therapist and a mother of a 3 year old that i had at home . i spent hours and hours learning about my body during the childbirth process . that was great knowledge to add to the physiology i learned during my massage training . this book though , is something that every woman in our culture today should read . i now understand so much about my life and the directions it has taken ! i hope to give this to everyone i know who has a daughter . i hope they will read it for themselves and then pass in on to their daughters when they feel the time is right . our culture today is so lacking in this kind of positive message . it is women 's reality and needs to be shared . of course it is written by a midwife ! thank you elizabeth 
books neg 719.txt this book was so simplistic . i was quite disappointed . you get the impression his main goal was simply to reassure people that they are normal after all . a worthy goal , but when discussing something as complex as sexual fantasies i really think one should try to pursue things to their limit . he really held back from delving into any dark territory . his explanations for why someone enjoys certain things left out quite a bit . he always managed to put a happy , positive spin on everything , which is nice , but life is n't that simple 
software pos 803.txt i am a solo family medicine physician and have been using the quickbooks pro series since 2003. at first , i was a little upset with being forced to upgrade my qb pro 2003 , however once i installed the new premium 2006 , i must say i am very pleased . from the beginning , everything has changed just a small bit , however in a very good way . in my past version of qb pro 2003 , i had to toggle between different screens in order to move from deposits to writing checks , etc. in premium 2006 this is no longer the case . a very easy to use and intuitive home page shows everything you need to use . each different tool is one simple click away . i very much like the new enhanced payroll option in that i can now print out my state tax forms along with my federal forms . in the past , it would take an hour or two out of my family time in order to fill in those little boxes and double check each figure with my cpa . now i print out each form and am finished in less than 10 minutes . i would highly recommend this product to any solo or small group practice . the versatility and power found in quickbooks premium allows me to keep track of my finances personally . the added convenience of the payroll services just makes this product an even better buy . yes , there are enough subtle differences between the pro and premium version to justify spending a few extra dollars . i would definitely buy this software title again 
camera pos 552.txt i originally bought the edit 120 ( no detachable case ) but was looking for a separate bag in which to keep the cables that are not used often ( to leave at home ) . then i came across the edit 120+ with the detachable case which fit the bill exactly . not haven actually seen the detachable bag yet , i was somewhat concerned about the method / design of the atachment . it needed to be easy to remove , but it also needed to be secure ; the pictures i found on the internet did n't show how it was attached . i was relieved when i actually saw how it was attached . there is a slotted bottom on the main bag the entire length of the bag ( an open slot is at each end ) . the add-on bag has a wide semi-rigid flap that slides through the slotted bottom and a fold down tab on the free end that is secured by velcro . the attachment method is secure and is almost invisable , and the design compliments the aesthetics of the original bag . i think the original bag is very good , and the add-on detachable bag makes this a superb choice . unfortunately , you have to buy this as a combination . if you originally bought the 120 single bag version , it does n't have the slotted bottom on it and ca n't be retrofitted ( and i do n't think they sell the detachable bag separately ) 
health pos 265.txt first off , ignore renee 's rating , this woman has issues ! ! ! ! ! ! this toothbrush works great ! would highly recommend . 
camera neg 685.txt the me-1 provides a modest 1.2x magnification for viewfinders on olympus 's e-300 and e-500 cameras . ideally , this would allow sharper manual focusing and more precise framing . unfortunately , this did not happen when i used the me-1 to make a number of trial images with my e-500 , so i will be returning the me-1 for a refund . ( for the record , i wear prescription eyeglasses while shooting , with my " shooting eye " corrected to 20 / 20 vision . ) like other folks , i find the e-500 viewfinder a trifle small so that it 's not always easy to frame a shot and see exposure data at the same time . the camera must also be pressed against your face when framing , which is not always comfortable . in some ways , the me-1 created more problems than it solved . the me-1 kept the camera further from my face ( though it seemed to bump harder against my glasses ) , but at the cost of *narrowing* my angle of vision in the viewfinder . divide the viewfinder into four equal columns and rows so you have eight squares . the four squares in the middle of the viewfinder were easily visible , but those along the sides , top , and bottom were *less* visible than before , the corners considerably less . to frame a shot , i had to move my eye around the viewfinder much more with the me-1 than without it . to see exposure data , i had to shift my eye almost completely away from the image . more hassle than i need when shooting in the field . fortunately , there is another option that works for me . the e-300 and e-500 come with an ep-5 eyecup , which is definitely too small for my taste . but a larger eyecup is also available , the ep-6. the ep-6 keeps the camera a little further from my face . and with the viewfinder diopter properly adjusted ( a critical step no one seems to mention ) , the ep-6 allows me to see both the entire image and exposure data without shifting my eye very much at all . all of this will vary from person to person , of course , and there may be circumstances when the me-1 is exactly what 's needed - - so two rather than one star . but not in standard shooting conditions , especially if you need to compose , set exposure , and shoot quickly 
dvd neg 886.txt first , let me say , i love koyaanisqatsi , the original film in this trilogy . koyaanisqatsi is a true visual poem that tells a straight forward story about what we humans are doing to the earth . the second film in the trilogy , powaqqatsi , was n't as good as the first but it was still fairly understandable as a critique of how humans exploit one another . naqoyqatsi could have been the best in the series since it had ample opportunity to show us the horrors of war . instead , it comes off as a sophomoric exercise in video experimentation , nothing more . if not for philip glass ' music , i would not have given this film any rating at all . i write this criticism in hopes that godfrey reggio sees it . he should pull this travesty off the market and reshoot the entire film with stronger footage showing us , as clearly as he did with " koy " , why war ( the topic of " naq " ) is so horrific . if you want an effective critique of violence , try " clockwork orange " . naqoyqatsi is simply a mess 
music pos 688.txt watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback 
software pos 428.txt this software is very easy to use . i use a logitech nascar racing wheel . together this game is great 
books neg 231.txt i have written software for development projects for 30 years and i have managed several projects . martin fowler has extraordinary insight , and i enjoy reading his papers for the gems of thought i find . the main lesson i pick up from this book is : break your large project into projects sufficiently small that you can sensibly abandon refactoring for each of the small projects . refactoring works well in some cases , i suppose . refactoring works well for some people , i suppose . i 'm skeptical , though . fowler filled the book with page after page of the detailed refactoring method applied to a problem he acknowledged as too simple for application of refactoring . he assures us that refactoring may overload small projects with methodology , making it unsuitable for them , and it works really well for larger projects . i suspect , however , that the burden it imposes enlarges as the job enlarges . fowler gives me no good reason to think otherwise . if i 'm to risk this methodology on a large project , i want to see it perform well on a smaller project first . fowler conceives methodologies that attract zealous disciples . in the case of refactoring , the methodology may succeed for its attractiveness rather than for its practical utility 
books neg 113.txt a generation before there was a left behind , there was the late great planet earth by hal lindsey and c . c . carlson . this is the book that broke the dispensationalist view of the end times into the consciousness of america . a phemomenal best seller , it was a watershed event in the growing christian publishing industry . for many christians , their first reading of this book was an energizing event that shaped their future . a generation later , many of its former supporters now see in its pages a complete misreading of holy scripture , sensationalistic attempts to correspond biblical prophecies to current events , and an unhealthy enthusiasm for seeing the world obliterated . so why bother with what can easily be written off as paranoid millenarianism ? well , while many have outgrown its simplistic approach to world events , it still resounds for much of the church and this is shown in the continued audience for books by lindsey and other " prophecy pundits . " while it is certainly true that tim lahaye has replaced lindsey as the popular voice of dispensationalism , it cannot be denied that left behind was made possible by this book . part of the commercial success of both authors has to do with their placing the dispensationalist view in a popular book form . for lahaye and jerry b . jenkins , it was the pulp novel . back in 1970 , lindsay and c . c . carlson did the same with a popular genre of their day - the sensationalistic expose . like most books of this type ( e.g. , the bermuda triangle , chariots of the gods ? , the philadelphia experiment , the population bomb ) , it is written in a breezy soundbite style that is long on conjecture and short on facts . like most of these books , it was a peculiar period piece of american life at a time when the fabric of the nation seemed to be coming apart at the seams . like most of these books , it is laughable in retrospect . if the book were out of circulation and i were reviewing this for historical purposes , i would almost be tempted to give it a free pass as a kitschy period piece...sort of a fundamentalist lava lamp . the original was so over the top and written with such enthusiasm one could almost have forgiven the fact that the authors got everything wrong . after all , it was the 1970 's when wild conspiracy theories , distrust of any traditional authority , and predictions of impending disaster were all the rage . when viewed within a time frame that produced predictions of a soon to be ice age , a ufo invasion , a famine around the corner , and california falling into the pacific ocean , the authors ' claims of the coming armageddon look downright trendy . however , in the intervening years , the revisions of this book just kept piling up . make a bad prediction ? no problem , edit the book with the old gaffes removed , add a few trendier predictions , and release it as a new book . lindsey , now well into middle age and hurtling towards his golden years , still clings to the long discredited dispensationalist hypothesis ( carleton 's contribution is more stylistic ) despite his failed scenarios . lindsey 's original view was that the end times events would take place in the 1980s ( he even wrote a book the 1980's : countdown to armageddon trumpeting this belief ) . well that did n't pan out , so he then jumped on the y2k bandwagon ( another of his books was planet earth 2000 a.d. : will mankind survive ? ) . oops , wrong again . first communism was the main source of evil in the world but more recently it is islam ( a more recent book is the everlasting hatred : the roots of jihad ) . when one bogeyman falls , he is quick to insert a new one in its place . between the failed predictions , the hilarious misreadings of the original languages , the bizarre correlations between apocalyptic symbolism and modern military technology , and the hysterical pleading for contemporary events fulfilling the biblical prophecies " right before our eyes " , it is not surprising many of those energized by this book became convinced of the imminent end of all things . this trend continues to this day for the many followers of dispensationalist worldview as they are perpetuated in the many novels based on dispensationalist beliefs - notably the left behind series of novels . if you can find a copy of the original version from 1970 , it can be interesting in much the same way as a brady bunch episode - not for its merit but as an example of a particular moment in the consciousness of the fundamentalist subculture at a particular time . just as many catholics have vivid memories of nuns and the baltimore catechism , fundamentalists of that era will never forget this book and the movie a thief in the night . however , for the reedited version here presented as a guide to interpreting biblical prophecy , it is best to pass . for all its success as a cultural marker , its usefulness in properly understanding biblical prophecy is basically nil . for this , its original purpose , the late great planet earth is completely worthless . 
books neg 809.txt i only glanced through this book , yet my first impression is that it is a hodge podge of unrelated research without any attempt to analyze or comment on the results or even the quality of the research conducted or of the tools applied . i can , however , write about one of the editors , mike shaw , who made no attempt whatsoever to ' find the evidence ' when assessing us as parents . he works as a consultant child psychiatrist in london , england and seems to specialise in offering his services as an ' expert witness ' and trainer in the legal aspects of applying medical recommendations under the mental health act. we had our children taken away on the grounds that they were " at risk of neglect " . mike shaw was called in as an expert witness to interview us and make recommendations . yet the reports that he submitted to court were unbelievably sloppy and ill researched . under cross examination , he was vague and inarticulate and could provide no concrete evidence to support his assertions and recommendations . luckily for us , he was so glaringly incompetent that we were allowed to repeat the process with another expert psychiatrist . i do n't know about his co-editors , but if his work is anything to go by , the material that he collated in this book can only be equally sloppy and prejudiced . here are some extracts from the psychiatric report that he submitted to court . judge for yourself whether you can take anything this man does or says seriously . evidence-gathering . " on 9.8.02 , i interviewed mr & mrs orman [2 hours] " on 21.8.02 , i met the family at trent park where i spoke to mrs orman alone [40 mins] , witnessed contact [1 hour] and spoke to the children without their parents [20 mins] [and] i interviewed the foster carer [2 hours]. observations . " mr & mrs orman were friendly and co-operative throughout.[...] mr orman showed insight [... but] was n't concerned that his actions may have disadvantaged the children . the couple were very robust in refuting the [welfare's ] account , which they claimed was full of misunderstandings and misinformation . " contact took place in the park[...]the parents and children seemed happy to see each other ; they chatted in animated style . [...] i was n't aware of either parent criticising the authorities in the children 's presence " [interviewing the children] the children seemed attentive [...] but answered " do n't know " , fell silent and looked at each other when i asked them questions [...] erin related [a simpsons episode where] homer [...] had lumps coming out of his head because he kept his anger inside . i found myself wondering whether this was an oblique reference to concern about mr orman 's temper but guessed that such an interpretation would be dismissed . [note . this is submitted in court as an evidence-based legal document ! ] conclusions & recommendations " [...] i observed mrs orman as shy and anxious while mr orman was very pleasant but forceful . [...] " mr and mrs orman say they have an easy affectionate bond with the children . so it is surprising that the foster carer finds the children uncomfortable with physical contact . [...] i think there is some insecurity in the children 's attachment to their parents . [note how this directly contradicts his own observations in the park.] " were mr orman to be caring for the children on his own , i would be concerned about his sensitivity to their needs . [...] asked whether he had any regrets , mr orman did n't take any responsibility for the deprivation and disruption suffered by his children going into care . [...] erin [who was 8 at the time] needs a parent who can stand up to her without losing their temper , and support and advise socially . i suspect mr orman would find this difficult . " my concern about mrs orman managing the children on her own would be a recurrence of her illness . [...] i wonder whether mrs orman has the strength and patience to handle these very challenging [sic] children . " [...]the children seemed very happy and natural with their parents during the contact i observed [sic] and the contact records make reference to the children wanting to go home . " [...] returning home is likely to further retard the children 's social and emotional development . [...] " these children have very little capacity to protect themselves from what is essentially emotional deprivation and possibly abuse . [...] it is most unlikely that either parent can protect the children from any harm that the other parent might cause . i also find very plausible ms [charlotte] curran 's suggestion ( ... [in] her [written] statement ) that mr orman dominates his wife . " the children did not express a wish to return home when they spoke to me , but it seems safest to assume they would prefer to be at home and would be alarmed if that was not possible . [..] i believe the children need a long-term placement away from home with experienced foster carers . [...] contact should be gradually reduced . " mike shaw 's answers under cross-examination painted a dire picture of our mental competence and subsequent parenting abilities , but he was unable to point to any specific evidence that he had acquired in his 6-hour investigation . yet he remained adamant in his conclusion that the children should be removed from the family indefinitely and contact gradually reduced until no further contact be allowed , so that the children could lead a normal and happy life . he could not comment on government statistics that show that 70% of all children placed in long-term foster care end up as delinquents . our children were eventually returned to us after we underwent a convoluted process to prove our competence as parents beyond a reasonable doubt ; and the case was eventually closed . so much for the scientific and critical appraisal of our family by a man who regularly provides expert legal evidence and trains psychiatrists in making competent medical recommendations that supposedly satisfy basic human rights conventions 
camera neg 601.txt great camera for the price . but i guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty.......... . 
software pos 467.txt i really like this program . i have purchased three different bible programs for my pda and this one is by far the best of the three . 
books pos 379.txt this book , unlike morris 's work on hillary , is actually worth reading , because its perspective and analysis of our 42nd president is fascinating . though the title is a little tiresome ( and becomes especially so when morris continues to say throughout the book ` why ? because he could ! ' ) the book is a fast page turner . i particularly enjoyed morris 's portrayal of clinton as one who only came to life around other people : if they were happy , he was , if they were in distress , he felt their pain . a master of reading people and changing according to their feelings , clinton was perfectly suited to becoming a president who ruled by polls . enter dick morris . as clinton 's chief poller , he also became , at one time , his chief political advisor . and clinton needed one . as ` my life ' by clinton shows , the president had no overall strategy and failed to see events as interconnected . for him , each issue needed to be examined individually and with clinton , that was a laborious endeavor : the prez had the painful habit of considering each argument with equal weight , and therefore was extremely indecisive and cautious to take action . result ? fiasco 's like waco , somalia , bosnia and health care reform . more seriously for the future : the loss of the congress to the republicans ( over ten years now and counting ) and the failure to stop bin laden . morris gives credit where credit is due though : clinton 's work on welfare reform cut the roll books in half and the tough work on deficit reduction allowed the economic boom of the 1990s to take place . also interesting , was clinton 's use of the presidency as a bully pulpit for families and education : an issue that was local politics , and therefore cost clinton nothing in the budget but brought in massive political capital . read this book before reading clinton 's ` my life' . why ? because morris points out the inconsistencies and just plain untruths contained therein . also , morris says that the president 's autobiography is the ` rosetta stone ' that decodes clinton . if that is the case , then morris is certainly the interpreter . 
health neg 757.txt please verify with amazon if they will ship your product . i ordered mine 6 weeks back and i havent recieved it till now..i wonder when they will send me the same 
camera neg 596.txt i made mistake getting such a big & bulky case for small minidv sony camcorder hc26. this case can take any big size old camcorders ( like old sony hi8 ) , so if you are looking for your new camcorder this definately is a bad choice 
software pos 955.txt we ordered this program only two weeks before moving to bogota , columbia for a two year tour . however , the spanish rosetta stone taught was much higher level than the survival spanish we needed when we arrived . overall we are learning the language and it is a great program . wish we would have bought it 3 or 4 months before departing 
camera pos 765.txt this rangefinder is great ! much lighter than the big bulky other units . has all the great features that is needed . this is one that you will take with you and not leave in the truck because it 's too big . i tested this against some of my buddies ' bigger units at known distances and this one out did the bigger units in speed and accuracy . great scan mode . best buy . should be sold for about ( $ ) more than asked for 
health neg 89.txt the scale part works fine , but the fat % measurement does not work . if you care about fat% , i 'd recommend using the hand held device instead . it gives more accurate reads . 
books pos 138.txt first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . " thieves in high places " is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read 
dvd neg 143.txt i bought the movie on accout rose was on the cover . i got home and watched and in the end i was disappointed and in tears . this movie is not for people under eighteen cause of some of the stuff she doe 
health neg 634.txt i have not recieved the vitamins ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! lost in the mail ? ? ? ? ? ? please let me know what i can do , it has been a month 
camera neg 108.txt i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro . 
health neg 121.txt when i bought this i had gotten sick of using a mop and bucket and really needed something faster . it does n't cut it for a few reasons : 1. solution left a streaky , dull floor . mop & glo with water works much better . 2. bottle only lasted 3 times for a very small kitchen . 3. need to put batteries in the device ( something i did n't realize when i bought it ) . 4. not " cleaner than a mop . " if you have a heavy-traffic floor like i do , you 'd have to use about 3 clean pads on the floor to keep from pushing dirt around . a mop at least can be rinsed . 5. bottle is impossible to refill . i might have stuck with it if i could have replaced the solution with a water / mop & glo mix , but they have the bottle fixed so you can't . *sigh* i 'm actually considering spending the $$$ for a " scooba . " we have a roomba vac for the living room and it is a dream . if you want something fast , stick with " swiffer wet . " no batteries , no solution to refill 
books neg 868.txt i am reading this for a college course called " history of the american city " . this book is a typical ' college texbook ' in that it is filled with numbers , dates , percentages , figures , numbers , oh did i say numbers , dates , figures , and years , oh and plenty of numbers.. . the brilliant , dilligent , honored , and esteemed scolar of a woman that wrote it sure knows her numbers , facts , years , etc.. . i , on the other hand , am absolutley hating it and foolishly i have allowed the drop date to pass , so i have to read the book or fail the class . i am getting nothing from the book regarding any kind of understanding of any of these cities , unless i am willing to spend years interpreting the multitude of data the book heaps upon me . needless to say , from ( attempting ) reading it i am getting a headache and do n't really even have the time to write this review . i say that if even one person is deterred from reading this expose ' of numbers , names , dates , figures , facts , percentages , orders , years , dates and more numbers , dates , facts , figures ( are you getting my drift yet ? ) , it will be time well served though.- - - avoid- - - this- - - book . please - - find another book . maybe if people told the truth about this brand of writing , more professors might have to teach and people like ms. abu-lughod would n't continue to make money off of writing books such as this , and folks like her might have to write to communicate ! ! ! ! , like the rest of us.thank you for taking the time to read this . ok , i have to say it : this sucks . 
health neg 318.txt though not advertised to humidify a large room , i found it incapable of making any significant difference in even a small room . i tested it , in a roughly 1000 cubic foot room , by placing a relative humidity sensor in the middle of the room , and after 2 hours not even a 1% increase in humidity ! fortunately , i was able to receive a full refund 
books pos 494.txt i 'm sure most people will come to fitzgerald through her novels , so i have to excuse myself as a first time reader who just happened to pick up these short stories . i still have n't decided if i enjoyed the collection , but they are unique . i thought the first story was by far the best , but after that , the quality varied widely . unlike a classic short story writer ( someone like guy de mauppassant ) , these stories have no resolution for the most part . in fact , they leave you with that feeling of listening to music and waiting to shift back into the major key . discordant is the word i 'm looking for . the settings take the reader all over the globe and across three different centuries . i suspect most would enjoy her novels more ( i am certainly heading in that direction to read them next ) , but i ca n't say since i have n't read them myself . overall , i found this collection a bit unsettling , but still well written . i 'm sure her fans will enjoy them more than i did on this first encounter 
software neg 423.txt i 've used ms streets and trips for years with minor problems . this year i upgraded to a windows vista laptop and wanted the latest software for it . i have a gps and i use a pocket pc pda so i need pocket streets . after i got home i read the fine print on the box . it list support for no higher than the windows xp os . but , so far the program is running fine on my vista machine . the laptop has no serial com ports and s&t 2007 wo n't detect a usb port . the description of s&t 2007 which includes a gps indicates it uses a usb port but apparently it needs the included usb adaptor . i could not locate where i could purchase such an adapter . s&t 2007 no longer ships with pocket streets . nor could i locate where i could download a copy . i can ( for now ) use my old pocket streets program because 2007 does export pocket street maps . finally , within two miles of my home the map list an airport and runway that was shut down in the early 90's . the main highway a few blocks from me has only 3 exits in 2 miles yet s&t 2007 list over a dozen intersections which means when i get directions i always end up down a dead-end road . i 've purchase many versions of streets and trips and this is the first time i felt i 've wasted my money . open software ca n't be returned from where i purchased it . i guess i 'll have to start researching other software packages . 
software pos 42.txt my daughter likes it because it uses the same format her high school teachers use . also , she likes the research tools that it provides . and , it 's easy to use . it 's very practical- -she uses it a lot 
health neg 197.txt this item is rubbish.. . it leaks , quite dangerous since water and electricity do n't mix . i got it , plugged it in filled it 3 / 4 full and had to stop cause water was all over my floor . i have already packed it up and will return it asap 
health neg 598.txt i did n't realize there was hfcs ( high fructose corn syrup ) in these bars . if you work out or are health conscience , then i would suggest doing a little online research about harmful effects of hfcs . i 'm about to switch up my protein bars . 
health pos 632.txt after 6 months of unexplained intense fatigue and malaise , numerous doctor visits without results , i obtained source of life vitamins upon the recommendation of a friend whose physician had recommended it for them . with the very first dose , i went from dragging around to walking around- -while most vitamins require weeks of use before results are seen . at my very next doctor 's appointment , i told of my experience with source of life and i continue to report it to anyone and everyone that mentions being excessively tired . members of my family and several friends now regularly use this outstanding product , and have reported similar results . not only did i feel much better with higher energy levels , i also notice fingernail and hair growth as well . i use the liquid version and it is actually very tasty . i highly recommend this product . i 've used it for 3 years and have obtained consistent good results . 
music pos 113.txt too bad this group supported by keith sweat did n't go any further . i bought it for one song , but the whole cd is great for listening . lyrics contain songs about love and such , and i like they way speak about it . it gives you something to look forward to . 
music neg 696.txt i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. . 
dvd neg 466.txt this is probably the worst war related movie i 've ever seen . i am particularly incensed by several actors who are featured as being in the film are present for as little as a single minute or two . time spent watching this film is time you 'll never get back and have nothing to show for it 
software neg 631.txt i wanted to make sure people who look at this product have a full understanding that adobe audition 2.0 will not install on a windows 2000 pro or server operating system . almost every reference i have seen regarding os requirements say windows but not specifically windows xp . the only exceptions have been on the audition box itself and this amazon listing ( go amazon ) . so if you are a windows 2000 user understand that you will need xp for this product . if you can find a copy of audition 1.5 you 're good to go . i would say more about the product if i could actually get it installed but with the 12 pcs i use not a one has xp so i have a $300+ book end until i can upgrade ( if you can call it that ) to xp 
health neg 635.txt unlike several other reviewers , i loved this trimmer for 5 months . at that time the rechargeable battery just died completely , would not recharge at all , and the remington people are useless when filing a complain 
camera neg 282.txt why do you need a water house for a camera that is 10m water proof 
dvd neg 638.txt this is the dumbest , most predictable , horrible waste of time i 've ever ever seen . this movie tried very very hard to be funny and simply wasn't . it took a pretty good idea and butchered it by cliche jokes and feel good high school humor that 's supposed to encourage all of us angsty youngings to go to europe , drink , and copulate with any random gorgious blonde that happens to walk past us . after watching this movie i felt incredible stupid and regret being apart of a culture that could make such main stream trash . my only hope is that our european friends did n't seen this for it would most certainly cause an international incident 
music neg 362.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
camera neg 864.txt if you want a quality product , this ai n't it . the dreaded " remove the cassette " error is true and in full force . do n't take my word for it , search the net and find the hundreds , upon thousands of unhappy consumers who purchased this piece of junk and discovered it the hard way . i highly suggest the panasonic ag-dvx100. it costs a bit more , but well worth it . before reading other reviews , make sure that they are comparing the gl-2 to another cam , like tony l . shores . he compares the canon gl-piece-of-junk-2 to the sony hdr-fx1. sure , the sony is much better , but it is also a high-definition cam . if you want hd , check out the panasonic ag-hvx200. do your research , read the reviews 
dvd neg 30.txt i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach . the first 2 dvds were better 
books pos 544.txt in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $25 ) 
music neg 579.txt i played several samples of this cd on my computer while visiting the amazon website and my male cat started meowing along . this cd is good for calming a cat and lining his box . face it , yoko ca n't sing ( unless you have a cat 's ears . ) 
dvd neg 326.txt i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you 
software neg 703.txt i am a retired senior software engineer ( web development ) . i 've used many antivirus / malware packages both at work and at home . this is the absolute worst . after installing it , i got popup virus alerts from bitdefender every 10 seconds . no kidding . i could n't believe it . i previously had a copy of norton antivirus 5 on my computer which is highly reliable ( not like the latest version ) . i tried bitdefender based on the reviews below which were obviously written by people with less than standard operating systems . i use a pc with windows xp sp2 and ie6 ( ie7 is still buggy ) . although multiple runs of bitdefender show absolutely no viruses or malware on my system , i continue to get these popup " virus alerts " every 10 seconds when i browse the internet , which is way more irritating than anything norton ever did to my computer . in addition , it drags my computer to almost a screeching halt when i go to a web page i have n't been to in more than a day , sometimes even the ones i just went to an hour ago . i find this truly irritating and went to bitdefender 's website and tried their online chat . " jack " was completely worthless . he told me to completely wipe out my cookies , as well as a lot of other useful files for no apparent reason other than he 's probably not named jack , but something like vishnu and this was the first thing on a long list of things to tell people to do . very useless . not recommended for anyone . try to get an old copy of norton antivirus 5 and pay for the update feature ( $20 per year ) . much better than this garbage . in addition , there are virtually no options to customizing this product . you 're stuck with what they think is necessary ( like automatically deleting internet files you may need- -like shopping carts ) . it literally cripples your computer . 
dvd neg 514.txt i watched parts of all the " let 's dance salsa " dvds and what a joke . is this guy serious ? he needs to get a few dvds himself to find out about salsa , rhythm , lead and following , and just general concepts of dancing . i agree with a few other folks who wrote reviews...what qualifies him as an instructor ? i think he 's doing an injustice to salsa . if anyone is considering learning from these dvds...don't . you 'll not only learn some bad habits in dancing , but you 'll be a joke on the dance floor . the only worth these dvds have to anyone interested in salsa is for a good laugh . seriously...amazon should consider removing this product 
health neg 758.txt results were never consistent . many " err " readings . i was definitely no satisfied 
software neg 800.txt i bought this product because i thought norton was a quality product . man did i make a mistake buying this product . i only had it on my computer for 1 month and it made my computer crawl , almost to where it would not hardly work . i deleted it . then my computer starting working just fine . this happened to me 2 times before i got tired of it and trashed it . 
dvd neg 352.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$ 
health neg 104.txt pedometer part is fine . radio part is useless 
software pos 208.txt as you can see by other reviews above , the studio series has a history of being buggy . you also hear a lot of people saying " this package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ' powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages - - if only it were more stable ! " i am one of those long-suffering users ( 5 years , going back to version 9 ) , and finally with version 10.6 i have stopped complaining - - it now works as i 'd hoped when i bought it . the $300 i spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted - - i kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . and i 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures . i am turning all of our old family video tapes and cd 's into dvd's . i use studio for all the editing ( have not tried the dvd recording - - just use roxio for that ) and am now very pleased . if you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download . one important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems : put every " project " you work on in a separate subdirectory . if you have 5 soccer game videos make a / game1 , / game2 etc. series of subfolders . if you edit those to a " jimmy 's great plays " proect , put it in a separate / jimmyplays folder . when projects are in the same folder and you edit them a few times weird overwrite problems can happen in 10.5. i learned this trick before 10.6 came out , and i do n't know if it matters any more but i take no chances . why did i stick with something where i admit that version 9.0 was " powerful but unstable " and 10.0 was " more powerful and more unstable " ? because i can actually use studio with minimal reference to instructions , and when i use it things turn out as i expect . now that it has become stable and reliable i am a very satisfied customer . so that 's how i got from being a frustrated studio customer to giving it 4 stars on this review . i tell the whole story so you understand that the other reviews from frustrated people are relevant for the older versions , but that " 10.5 updated for free to 10.6 " really is the best choice out there now.. . as my unused expensive rivals to studio on my shelf prove . just keep putting every project inn its own folder ! 
software pos 558.txt i just upgraded sd v4 to sd5 and could not be happier . release 5 has had a very rocky start to say the least . i do believe they released it a bit early . fortunately i read the sd forums daily and only downloaded version 5 when it seemed the big bugs had been dealt with . i have always found this product to be the best in it 's class . best detection and moreover removal . easy to use . i 've also had the product that is typically rated number 1 and for me it is no contest which i will stick with . this is my main , real time anti spyware product . i think one big plus is their customer service availability . this is important . they are very responsive . their forums on their website are also extremely helpful . customer service is also free . this application is fast and is not a resource hog . i have a lot of confidence in it . also recently just downloaded their pc tools plus firewall...it 's another great product and it is free ! basically a good company to deal with . i believe when the dust settles from this new ( albeit too early ) release of version 5 , you will see spyware doctor attain 1st place on many tech lists 
software neg 857.txt darkbasic is only good for people very new to programming and interested in games . to make a commercial-quality game in this language would be lunacy , basic just is n't quite flexible enough to do that with ease , and the darkbasic renderer looks very , very ugly . however , basic remains very easy to learn and darkbasic has some commands that are fun to toy with . if you 're trying to get into serious game development , learn c++ and either learn how to use libraries like opengl or directx , or start modding a popular engine like the unreal engine or source . and make sure you 've learned a good deal of physics and math 
health pos 860.txt i love the idea of the glasses always being where i can find them . the only problem is they need to also be adjustable for how wide the band is . every time i look up the magnets pop apart . if they fix that , i 'd give them 5 stars ! ! 
music pos 302.txt in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of & quot ; at last&quot ; to the hard driving memphis soul of & quot ; tell mama&quot ; , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here 
software pos 410.txt i 've been using streets & trips for years . i 'm a real estate broker and use it every day . great product . not as up-to-date as yahoo maps but easier and faster to use , particularly the route planner , gps , live local links , etc 
camera pos 305.txt my search for a semi pro digicam made me do a lot of research and after i shortlisted a few models i had to find the best deal . amazon helped me get that deal and today when i look at the performance of the camera so far. . i am amazed.. . the camera was bound to be good but a special thanks to amazon.com for helping me get one at a gr8 price 
music pos 927.txt no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john 
software neg 612.txt i bought this product because of positive member reviews and and outstanding review in cnet . however , i just bought a new dell inspiron e1505 that shipped with windows vista home premium , and zonealarm 6.5 is flat out incompatible with the new os . i downloaded zonealarm 7.0 and that is flat out incompatible as well . i 'm sure this is a great security suite for windows xp , but beware if you have vista . there seems to be no update on their website when zonelabs will release a vista compatible zonealarm . ( they mention something about " after january 2007 " , but it 's march , for crying out loud ! ) so there 's my purchase price of a good product down the drain 
dvd neg 199.txt i had high hopes for this movie , marlon brando , robert deniro , and edward norton , how could i go wrong with this movie with a cast like that ? despite the cast this movie sinks under a terrible script . the film is often tedious and the characters never seemed very realistic to me . this was a poorly contrived and at times silly film . the tension never really builds even though the filmmakers try . embarassing for all involved . i only give it two stars to be nice to the cast 
books neg 321.txt i think in retrospect i wasted my time on this one . it had a great premise that indulged me into buying this book but who knew dark days lied ahead of me . as i read through the last chapters trying to uncover the mystery , i kept on hoping that there would be something more to it , something more enigmatic , a brilliant twist but i was left with despair . my major problem with this novel was there were not enough , in fact hardly anybody whom the reader could suspect as the possible killer . and bringing out a totally new character at the very end to describe the proceedings only shows a lack of respect to the mind of the reader who had been guessing until now about various other possibilities . i will never touch this author 's book again ! a mantra for reading thrillers is in believing the hype and read the best of the best-dan brown 
music neg 794.txt i definitely understand why this band is classified as emo . this cd helped me solidify the impression i had that i do n't care for emo . the album is not bad and the band is tight enough for a young band , but the issue i have with emo and with this album in particular , is it 's not really anything . it 's not hardcore , it 's not really melodic....it 's sort of stuck in the middle of both but not quite reaching either one . maybe i 'm not the target audience for emo or this band....i get that , that 's ok . i ca n't stop thinking thursday seem like they 're trying desperately to sound like fugazi and never really getting there . and that 's the rub of it i guess....with bands like thursday and she wants revenge...they appear to be reaching for the roots of alternative / hardcore or newwave music but for someone who knows what the real thing sounds like , they 're a poor imitation . the sound is immature and lacks the urgency and edge that the original bands had at the time . i have a friend with a 14 year old son who asked me to burn him a copy of this cd . i think i 'll just be giving it to him and calling it done 
software neg 808.txt after installing in sony vgc-ra810 system crashed . unable to find c: . have been waiting two days for a legitimate answer from i0l0 and now have two case ##. phone attempts are met with automated replys the same as the internet . the amazon seller has been very helpfull so i can not blame him . if i ever get my computer running i plan on visiting all sites that support reviews with a word of advice about lack of human product support by iolo . as for now i wanted to get this out to amazon customers so i am using my neighbors computer 
dvd neg 117.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look 
books pos 375.txt if you 're looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you 're not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to " come into the story " when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n't think this book was too badly written 
software neg 842.txt i am not at all happy with this product . the instructions are terrible and the program is not at all intuitive . it was a total waste of my money and time . 
software neg 788.txt my best rating for microsoft money deluxe is it is pure junk . do n't was your money . if it works at all , trust , it is not with microsoft vista . a class action law suit sounds in order for this garbage 
books neg 375.txt the content of this book is adequate , but the layout leaves much to be desired . the only way to find a chapter is through the table of contents . pages are not labeled with chapter information , such as which chapter that page belongs to . the content is often broken up with cases and excercises that divide paragraphs in half . this makes it very confusing to follow the flow of the book . you can be reading along and jump into a case or excercise without knowing it and become very confused . if the authors and publishers would rework the flow of the book , i would rate it much higher 
health neg 609.txt this product come with a washer that keep causing the leak . it works fine for few weeks then the washer become worn out and it keep causing the leak . now i just leave it in my garage and ca n't return it or use it . very bad investment 
music pos 795.txt as always , opinions vary in terms of who is the master at recording timeless pieces of music such as these bach cello suites . starker himself pronounced in the sleeves of this cd that this edition , the 4th recordings of these music by himself is not " technically perfect " , but in many ways , his most mature interpretation . you can spend hundreds trying to find a mercury copy of " the perfect " rendition ; or you can appreciate the little imperfections of an aged artist , at the height of his humanistic understanding of music , and of life . 
dvd neg 880.txt this dvd was a waste of money and a waste of time . it 's " unauthorized " by muse , so therefore there were no interviews , no live footage , and none of their music was included . they interviewed people who had never even met the band . i learned nothing new from watching it . do n't waste your money 
health neg 954.txt this cannot be the real thing . the scent does n't last 5 minutes . what a waste of $50.00. i am so disappointed . 
dvd pos 394.txt the absolute fore runner to the musical / movie chicago ! if you love music , dancing and a poinant story with great acting...this is it 
dvd neg 187.txt i saw this crapfest in the theater and i should have known what i was getting into when we were carded not only at the ticket window , but at the entrance of the theater as well . i only gave it one star because there was n't a " no star " rating- -even though it deserves a negative rating . as a horror fan , i was intrigued at seeing the movie and as the movie started , it seemed to have alot of promise . but once we met baby and her " family " the movie went downhill at an accelerated rate . the movie was disgusting , repulsive , and made no clear sense- -at least with michael or freddie you knew what the h*ll was going on . and i thought that blood sucking freaks and blood sucking vampires from pittsburgh sucked , but corpses not only sucked , it blew . as a friend told me later , " what in the h*ll did you expect from rob zombie ? " what did i expect indeed . no wonder most production firms refused to touch this film 
health neg 818.txt conair just really does not make great hair straighteners . i bought the full size one before , and without warning it just quit working after a 2 months . i have a revlon full-size one now ( which works great ) . i recently got my hair cut short , so i decided to go buy a cheap small one to reach the short hair in the back . turn the turbo on , blast it up to the highest temperature , and it still is not even half as hot as my revlon one thats turned on minimum . i have really thin hair , and its not even curly it just gets wavy sometimes . this thing cant even straighten that much 
books pos 978.txt this was a very informative read . i have gotten so many great ideas and will be using many of them in my own coastal garden . this is much more than a typical gardening how-to book . there is so much wisdom here and also some interesting facts . organic gardening is my first love and i was pleased to see ms. hadley insist on it in her own garden . a garden by the sea reads like a story as well as a great resource for gardening information . i agree with the other reviews here , it is like talking with a friend . this book has become a treasured addition to my library 
books neg 912.txt never in my life have i been so outraged by what i have read as by the drivel spouted by dr. west in this book ( in his translator 's note ) , and by the use of ` unponderingly ' and " the thinkery " ( among other things ) in his translation of the clouds . i also read his translation of plato 's apology of socrates , and found it grossly inferior to jowett . four texts on socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly : it should be hurled with great force . ( apologies to dorothy parker . ) not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept , almost everything that he writes in his translator 's note is wrong . the clouds is a play , not a scientific or mathematical treatise . as such , it has characters and dialogue . a ` modern ' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a ` modern ' audience . if a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary , one does not make him spout drivel such as ' unponderingly ' ; one gives him a ` shtick ' , which is a theatrical term . it 's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character . you create , through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together , a characterization . he could be made to speak like a parody of william f . buckley or the star wars character yoda . as it stands , west 's text cannot be presented as a play . it is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as ' unponderingly ' ; indeed , it is inexcusable . it conveys neither humor nor cleverness . it comes off simply as stupid . the translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters , which dr. west obviously does not . to state it bluntly : the translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization , and who are creative . dr. west does n't have a creative bone in his body . in regard to his translation of plato 's the apology of socrates , the translation by dr. west is both original and good , but the parts that are good are not original , and the parts that are original are not good . after all , when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as benjamin jowett to follow , the temptation to do something entirely different is strong . but it must be resisted . if dr. west had merely lightly revised jowett 's great work , he would have made a contribution to learning . alas , he did neither . the version by jowett is clearly superior . here is a short excerpt : " and i must beg of you to grant me a favor : if i defend myself in my accustomed manner , and you hear me using the words which i have been in the habit of using in the agora , at the tables of the money-changers , or anywhere else , i would ask you not to be surprised , and not to interrupt me on this account . for i am more than seventy years of age , and appearing now for the first time in a court of law , i am quite a stranger to the language of the place ; and therefore i would have you regard me as if i were really a stranger , whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue , and after the fashion of his country : am i making an unfair request of you ? never mind the manner , which may or may not be good ; but think only of the truth of my words , and give heed to that : let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly . " compare west 's inept version : " ...i do very much beg and beseech this of you : if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables , where many of you have heard me , and elsewhere , do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this . for this is how it is : now is the first time i have come before a law court , at the age of seventy ; hence i am simply foreign to the manner of speech here . so just as , if i really did happen to be a foreigner , you would surely sympathize with me if i spoke in the dialect and way in which i was raised , so also i do beg of you now ( and it is just , at least , as it seems to me ) : leave aside the manner of my speech- -for perhaps it may be worse , but perhaps better- -and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this : whether the things i say are just or not . for this is the virtue of a judge , while that of an orator is to speak the truth . " " speaking...with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak " ? how utterly inept and repetitive ! did n't he even proof-read ? one does n't speak with ' speeches ' , one speaks with words ! it is obvious that dr. west never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness , which is surprising , because this work is supposed to be a speech . dr. west 's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud , whereas jowett 's is . in west 's translation , socrates is a clumsy , repetitive , and inept speaker . needlessly so . if you want to read a good translation , see jowett 's 3rd edition ( 1892 ) . why does dr. west believe himself qualified to make translations ? nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so . this is not the work of a scholar , but that of a bungling hack . these translations are travesties . how does work this nauseatingly bad get published ? not recommende 
dvd neg 733.txt i purchased this movie for my 7 year old twin boys birthday thinking that because it said the rating was pg that it would be fine . also , the market for transformers is huge with boys their age and the toys being sold everywhere . wow , were we hugely surprised to hear curse words on this cartoon movie . these were not just words like shoot or dang , but the real deal . i remember transformers when i was growing up and i certainly do not remember their being foul language in the cartoons . i am going to take this matter up with higher management and at least get my money back and try find out what they were thinking . who knows what the rating will end up being for the upcoming movie at the box office . concerned in alabam 
books neg 946.txt susanna rowson 's & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman . poor , pitiful charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin . rowson encases her heroine charlotte temple within a world of virtue and vengeance . charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author / narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman . she has no real interest in charlotte as a dimensional character . charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings . & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed america . a morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; has been rediscovered and published in a scholarly press edition . was this reclamation of charlotte really necessary ? in the past twenty years , feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati . authors such as anne plumptre , frances burney , aphra behn , sarah fielding and charlotte lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives . feminist scholar cathy davidson has taken charlotte temple in hand and aims to join rowson to the above list of rediscoveries . unfortunately , rowson does not warrant such treatment . rowson has a flat , humorless approach to the fallen woman story . unlike burney 's & quot ; evelina&quot ; or & quot ; camilla , & quot ; rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity . her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates . in many of the fallen women stories , authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures . rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel . she seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man - - in england and america , it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel , so rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed . rowson does not criticize men within the novel . she does not censure montraville for taking charlotte as his mistress , impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman . when he believes that charlotte has becomes his best friend 's mistress , he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him . he aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting & quot ; dishonorable&quot ; against her . yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her , she would not have been reduced to a penniless , pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter . he never takes responsibility for his role in charlotte 's downfall . rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with montraville but she fails to take it . instead , rowson places the blame for charlotte 's ruin on the women within the novel . when charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family , she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men . madame du pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose miss la rue . madame du pont sets charlotte 's downfall in action . rowson does not punish the ignorant madame du pont by killing her , she ends up an hysterical mess after the montraville / charlotte & quot ; elopement . &quot ; miss la rue , the woman who pushes charlotte into the arms of montraville , must be punished for being a promiscuous woman . she ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food . she ends up dying painfully as rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women . why would modern readers want to read this ? i do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel . at 125 pages , it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace . no character has any shadings . there are no subplots to divert the attention from the static charlotte . rowson does nothing to keep our interest . unfortunately rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first american woman to have a best-selling novel . that accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia , but it does not make for engaging reading 
camera pos 624.txt this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++ 
dvd neg 291.txt " rip it off " is not an easy film to watch . in short , it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line , leaving only the most attentive viewer ( read : myself ) to guess at what was going to happen next . but not in a good way . judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes , not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd , it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito . it begs the question : why did you do this film ? or , on a personal note , why did i buy this film , especially at $22 and change ? frankly , i bought it because of alyson hannigan : she 's gorgeous , obviously intelligent , and the girl can act . individually speaking , she does not disappoint here . it 's obvious that she really did n't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi , and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with . although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes , she is a singularly interesting actor to watch , and her performance simply wants me to see her do more , preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film ( see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in " the good girl . " ) but enough gushing : if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged , i would have trashed her soundly . most everyone else in " rip it off " ( with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish ) is more or less " phoning it in " when they do their scenes . this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy . also , films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort : beware ! do not adjust your screen ; the appearance of the film is inherently bad . " rip it off " and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye . i 've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey . and , contrary to the technical description of the dvd , it is presented in the horror that is full screen , and not widescreen . can you believe people invest money in these films ? ( ahem . 
books neg 521.txt the author of this book , warren wagar , is apparently a professor of " future studies . " i certainly hope he has long been fired from that post . " a short history of the future " was written in 1989 , but the writer is so ignorant of politics , and so wrong , to be blunt , it reads as if it was written in the 1940's . orwell 's 1984 is more on the mark than this . he shows barely any creativity in his " predictions " and clearly was barely even aware of much of the contemporary political developments of his time . the fact that he assumes the soviet union will continue plodding along well into the 21st century is incredibly naive . the fact that he assumes the nation 's socialist economy system would survive equally long is similarly bizarre . did he read the newspapers ? did he pay any attention to that gorbachev fellow and the path he was bringing russia down ? and honestly , did anyone really expect that germany would remain divided into two states until time immortal ? or that latin america and africa would remain dictatorships forever ? or that black rule in south africa would not occur until 2014 ? if this book had been written 30 or 40 ago , it would be excusable . this book is just sloppy . he does n't even do a good job describing how his corporations take over the world . everything is just described in these overly flowery sweeping generalizations . like " and then the capital lords seized control of the governments and made the state wither like an autumn rose . " that sort of thing . the author is clearly an " ivory tower " academic who believes history can be predicted sorely through dry marxist theory and analyzing dubious vague " trends . " the fact that this book became horribly dated something like three years after it was published is quite a strong indictment of a man whose entire job was devoted to predicting the future . 
music pos 993.txt this film came out in 1973 and i saw it in its original full length version ( about 3hours and 15 min . ) executives from columbia pictures were there , it was the premeire , and they were groaning and at the intermission fights broke out ( verbal ) and ushers passed among them and myself and everyone else with soundtrack albums . the executives left the theatre and scaled the albums across columbus circle in boston and i and a few friends retrieved them and had quite a few for free . we returned to the film and i have always loved this crazy redition of lost horizon , the miscasting , the terrible sets , the odd ball music for the story , the dubbed liv ullmann , the dance routines of olivia hussey..all of it . you cannot find a musical like it , or a soundtrack like it . columbia execs were unimaginative ; they should have believed in this film . the next day after this premeire in boston , new york etc. ( simultaneous i suppose ) the film was cut , the posters were taken down..there was a ton of material to buy..t shirts , dolls , posters of all sizes , bath towels with the poster on them , records of the sd tk of course , and small pop up sets of the entire film . it was to be a massive hit..in two days time all of the paraphanalia was removed , and the posters said , last two weeks , and in two weeks the whole thing disappeared . but many people came to see it..lines of people , and , when they heard it had been cut , they gave up , and in two weeks everyone said farewell to this film . i have many treasures from that opening nite , and now i have the cd of the sound track . anyone who loves movie magic or madness has to see and hear this film ; it is unique . enjoy this soundtrack and get your hands on a dvd ..they are out there 
software pos 901.txt this software was easy to install . the terms and conditions of use are very clearly stated . i found the choice of difficulty levels greatly enhanced the product and challenged me . the puzzles are fun and the techniques required to play are easily understood . my one wish is that there were more varied games included... . but it is a lot of fun and is definitley challenging. . 
health neg 914.txt so , yeah , it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups , and once it 's mounted , it stays put pretty well . unfortunately , it has so far never actually been " fogless . " get a good shower going , and the mirror fogs up in record time . splash some water on it , and you can see yourself for half a minute , but overall , this is a disappointment . 
camera pos 513.txt he adquirido este flash para completar mi cmara evolt e-500 y considero que es la combinacin perfecta . se requieren de conocimientos adicionales de iluminacin y fotografa para obtener las mayores prestaciones que ofrecen ambos equipos . altamente recomendado 
health neg 639.txt i bought this product thrilled with the thought that i could use an epilator in the shower . even though that 's possible , the very last thing this product does is remove hair - - at least with the epilator head . the shaving head works fairly well , but a simple shaver would cost a lot less and shave as well or better . i ca n't believe panasonic thinks they 'll actually keep customers selling something this ineffective 
camera pos 464.txt i always say that there is technology you can use and technology you can impress others with . this model helps you do both . you have a nice 5.1 mp still camera and mpegmovie4tv video . the very fact that you have a camera which you can take both still pictures and video is huge . i never had a video camera before because i hate to carry two camera and a big camera case , so this was the obvious solution . i realize that instead of embracing the moment ( for which they need the memory ) most people often juggle between cameras . cons : * sometimes people might confuse it with camera phone * buttons are harder to find * software is not the best * wish had more zoom pros : * convince * compact * battery lasts long * flash is good * video sound quality is good i wonder why this model has not swept the market - another story of good product and mad marketing 
health neg 999.txt sturdy enough for the price , but no power . replaced original battery with a new duracell . still fuctioned like the battery was drained . like i mentioned before , what do you expect for the price 
dvd pos 746.txt i first saw this movie when i was a kid . it left a good impression . i am now nearly 50 and a cat came to live with me . my first female cat . i named it mewsette in honor of judy garland 's character in the movie . i then searched for the movie on the internet , found it , bought it . while it 's not as good as it was when i was a kid , it is still amusing 
software neg 859.txt i got this as a present about two years ago , and i have had mixed feelings . i like it , but i get really frustrated because the program is buggy . i cannot create a standalone executable , and the program has random bugs . also , it is very hard to create proffesional-type games . be aware that the machine you run standalone programs on has to have a video card , regardless of whether you use it or not . in conclusion , good idea , but very buggy 
books neg 743.txt this " book " is probably the worst written i 've ever encountered . it was so flawed as to be considered literature . alice walker tries to " one-up " harriet beecher stowe , in writing about brutality . titles like these are weapons used in the anti-black male agenda this society has long perpetuated . all the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting . the women are portrayed as martyred , forlorn , pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell . the only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women . i 've learned long ago , when absolutes such as these are presented , a greater agenda is at work . there are no " real " men in this book ! only distorted caricatures of black masculinity . i only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst . i find this title as dangerous as hitler 's " mien kampf " , in it 's portrayal of black men as evil and morally destitute . presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible . true , there are criminally abusive men in every culture . but there are also forthright , upstanding men as well . to present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity , only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about . harriet beecher stowe 's fictional " uncle tom 's cabin " , sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war . this title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of black men . this book is fiction . however , it is not presented as such . i 'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents . i have no qualm about outrage at such abominations . however , i do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations . that is what i find so unbelievable and offensive about this book . in my opinion , this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers / viewers of the people within it . i do n't find it a testament to the strength of black women at all . i interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of african-american culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the black male as being hopelessly inhuman . i 'm sure alice walker made a lot of money with this book . feminist , racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature . i wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades , were it a fictional depiction of white american men brutalizing white women . most definitely not ! ! ! i doubt it would have even found a publisher . america is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of black men and african-american culture . my life as a black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion . whatever ms. walker 's motivations were in writing this novel , i 'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted . this is racist , misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature ! 
health neg 501.txt we already owned a different homedics sound machine and it 's far better than this one . the volume control does n't work well at all on this machine ; either far too low or way too loud and there was lots of static , no matter where we used the machine . the product seemed very flimsy as well . we ended up returning it and will spend more for a better machine 
books neg 249.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority 
software neg 338.txt i bought this software at the recommendation of my accountant . well , after trying to use it for two years now , i 'm ready to burn it . it 's a great software for people who do their business by the projects , but it 's not good for retail sales . everything has been a hassel , especially trying to set up the daily sales so i can record detailed inventory of my daily sales . yes , i noticed they did come out w / a new version for specifically for retail sales . after i already invested in $300 in software and $100 in books just trying to learn this system . what a waste ! 
software neg 910.txt since most of the complaints are from recent switchers i went ahead and bought this because most of their problems do n't apply to me ( running on powerpc , no old data to transfer ) , and because intuit offers a 60 day money back satisfaction guarantee . oh , and i downloaded it from their site , saving like 5 bucks . here 's the thing . the qfx file that quicken uses to get data from financial institutions is restricted . my bank offers the download , so i can get the file just fine . however , part of quicken 's import process is an internet check with the bank to see if they " support " mac users . by support , all that really means is the bank pays quicken to allow mac users to import their qfx files . if not , you get an error message saying to try the import again later . there is a hack floating around the ' net that invloves changing some of the text in the qfx file , and it works . but there are cheaper alternatives out there that support the format ( moneydance is one ) with no fuss . aside from this issue , the interface is really bad . it looks like a check register . if i wanted a glorified spreadsheet in the shape of my checkbook , i would have made one . the program is not even close to intuitive , which means if you dislike / avoid tracking your finances like me this software will scare you away pretty effectively , making your purchase pointless . lastly , the customer support is really very bad . you basically get canned responses that do n't even really address the questions you ask , in semi-broken english . i 'm sure that someone with banks that have mac supported qfx , tons of patience , and is predisposed to dealing with accounting minutiae would find this program useful / powerful . for me , all the advanced features in the world do n't matter if i ca n't even use the most basic ones 
camera neg 156.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
health neg 691.txt too difficult to program , have had 2 weeks and still have not been able to complete process , instructions stay on screen too short a time , all i am able to get is weight , cannot see other information on screen unless on floor and right on top of it , would send back but too much of a hassel and expense , too expensive for a scale that is only to give me my current weigh 
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
health neg 662.txt it didnt work as good as the teflon curling iron i had a couple years ago , it works just as good as a regular non-teflon curling iron 
software neg 718.txt this software suite promises to do everything on earth , but does n't tell us how . there is no useful help file . there are no tutorials or instructions on the website . and , nero 's support is a joke ( just try to get a message through ) . i do n't understand how a company that started out with the best burn program in the game has sunk to this 
music pos 973.txt another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years 
books pos 252.txt i recommend this book highly for anyone who is losing a close family member or friend to illness or who has lost someone and just are having a hard time coming to terms with why 
software neg 865.txt i will never buy another product from this manufacturer . i have a legal copy of this program , and on the weekend my motherboard died . i had to buy a new board then reinstall all my software , and when i got to dns8 it told me i 'd registered too many times and i had to buy a new copy . hidden somewhere in the site i found reference to uninstalling the previous install whilst online to allow me to install it again . so , i dug out my old hard drive , set it up temporarily , connected to the internet and uninstalled . went to the new machine and installed and ... no dice . same message . this is the worst example of product activation , and when i went to customer support they wanted my credit card number in order to charge me $9.95 to install a legally purchased product . i will now explore other means because i fully intend to use the software i paid a lot of money for . and in case anyone from the company ever reads this ( unlikely ) , i 'm going to use all my online clout to tell people just how annoyed i am . i only get one thousand three hundred unique visitors per day to my websites and blogs , but that adds up to quite a few people over a couple of months and you can be damn sure every one of them will hear about this . i once wrote a lengthy blog post praising your product . now it 's time for the addendum 
books pos 975.txt cajun cuisine is , without a doubt , the best cajun cookbook that i 've ever used . i was born and reared in southern louisiana , and the recipes detailed within closely mirror the exact techniques , seasonings , and spices that i had learned by watching both my grandmothers in their kitchens , and how i was personally taught by my grandfather at his hunting camp . you cannot go wrong with this book ! jacque 
dvd neg 689.txt i could n't watch this till the end . bad production values , gimmicky , desperate to make a point about violence and voyeurism and evil and wanting to make it evah so clevah while my neurons slowly commit suicide from the nnui . if you wanna go all deep thoughts on violence and still get shaken - both intelectually and viscerally - try something like miike 's " ichi the killer " . makes this movie look so , so needless . the leading man looked geeky and occasionally cute . 2 stars for the eye candy 
health neg 898.txt absolute waste of money . i bought this for my 13-year-old as a beginner shaver and it shaves next to nothing ! i do n't know who wrote the other reviews , but i doubt they were independent voices . this shaver is worthless 
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter 
music neg 120.txt while some would call orange and acme " studio " albums , suggesting that they lack originality , but they have rythm . i would call myself a big jsbx fan , i play orange and acme constantly , however i feel that this album is a little too much free form , and free noise for the everyday listener . i would recommend that anyone interested in jsbx start with acme and then move on to orange to develop an appreciation for jsbx , because it is a rather acquired taste 
software pos 813.txt this is a good computer bible , but for the money , i prefer a program like amg bible essentials which has the libronix library system built-in and can be integrated with other bible study software . for about $15 more the amg program has both kjv , apocrypha and nasb , including a lot of other capability , like greek translations , word study , exegesis , parallel bible comparisons , etc. the rainbow bible is an older issue and shows its age by not offering features as mentioned above . some benefits of this bible include both niv and kjv translations , color maps , matthew henry 's commentary , naves and a version of foxe 's book of martyrs . the various colors can be distracting at times , but overall it is worth considering , particularly if you like the niv 
software neg 816.txt i installed the product hoping it would help me with all the errors i was getting ( i have windows xp ) . well , 2 weeks and $200 it 's what it took for me to have my computer repaired . it would not let me log on to windows , i got errors i 've never seen and it completely messed all my files . big waste of money . i had to re-format my hard drive and my computer is only 1 month old ! ! 
software neg 424.txt this might be the greatest mapping program in existance , but i would never know . very user unfriendly . there is no instruction book provided with it ( or available that i can find . ) the help function is very poor and does n't provide adequate instructions . if you just need basic mapping functions save your money and use one of the free online websites 
music neg 388.txt generally on amazon.com , the average rating of an album does not accurately indicate its quality - that is , the albums are usually highly overrated . this is probably due to the voluntary nature of the reviews and the fact that the fans of an artist are far more likely to review their albums and give them high scores than a casual music listener giving them the score they deserve . as a result of this , generally , albums that have an average score of 4.5 - 5 stars are usually excellent albums . ones with a score of 4 are generally good and 3.5 indicates a pretty average album . average scores any lower than 3.5 stars generally indicate a pretty poor album . as i mentioned before , due to the high proportion of fans reviewing albums , the average score rarely falls below 3 stars . it takes a pretty horrendous album , like limp bizkit 's results may vary , to get a score of even 2.5. in fact , i did n't even think that it was possible for an album to get less than 2.5 - that is , until i saw this pile of feces . now to put this average score of 2 into context - this means that the proportion of " hataz " reviewing this album is even more than the proportion of fans reviewing it . out of all the terrible albums i have viewed , i have never seen this happen before . not even to bands as terrible as limp bizkit or even an*l c*nt . this obviously indicates a decline in fan numbers and , hopefully , the end of chingy 's 15 minutes of fame 
health pos 273.txt i was reluctant to buy this after reading that it was n't so great on fine hair , but my son 's hair was really getting shaggy and i was *not* going to wrestle with him at the barber shop again . so i bought this and was so happy when it worked perfectly on his hair . i used the 1 inch guide for his whole head and he looks great ! the vacuum got all the hair which is a good thing , because i cut his hair wherever he happen to be in the house . he did n't have to stop what he was doing and sit still or wear a cape , which he hates . having his hair cut at home also allowed him to get familiar with the trimmer- -what it sounds like , and feel like- - in his own time and environment . he cut his stuffed bear 's hair first , then daddy 's , then his own by himself and then let me cut his . what a relief to have a nice haircut and no kicking or screaming . at $25 , it has already paid for itself . i 'm so glad i bought it . i did n't give it 5 stars , because it is pretty loud and had a really crappy users manual . 
health pos 575.txt compared to the conair 1 , 600w i have used for the past seven years or so it sounded incredibly loud and high-pitched when i first turned it on , but you may have a high-pitched blow dryer now- -compared to my old conair- -and wo n't notice a difference . it does n't have a cold air feature , which many women use regularly to either finish off their styling or to cause less damage to the hair ; or like me , in the summer when the option of switching from hot to cold is preferable . these two drawbacks , especially having only the hot at high or low setting , is why i give it four out of five , instead of five out of five star rating . pluses : price- -for $13 it ca n't be beat for the frugal shopper ; efficiency- -it blowdries my hair a bit faster than the conair did though i do n't understand the science behind that ; appearance- -it 's cute and compact ; weight- -a toddler could wield this blow-dryer with ease ; carrying ease- -small enough to fit neatly in just about any drawer or a crammed gym bag , under the sink , et cetera . i have n't had this long enough to rate how durable it is , so i hope someone who 's owned one for at least a year comes on to write , " it 's still going strong . 
software neg 258.txt 800 , 000 images without keywords - the only useful parts of this collection are the classic and traditional .tif 's that you can take into illustrator and turn into vector . the high res images are n't , the clipart is less than microsoft office online quality and i 've gotten far more use out of a 50 , 000 image collection b / c they took the time to keyword and catagorize the collection . if you like to look thru a book and put in one of the 32 disks and then find the image - then this collection is for you . if you want to have any sort of search capabilites , look elsewhere 
books pos 136.txt this book is beautifully constructed , concise , gracefully written , and should be of immense help to most golfers . if you 've read ernest jones , percy boomer , or jimmy ballard ( for example ) and enjoyed the insights but found it difficult to transfer the written word to your swing , try " the keys ... " : you will read a book that may finally lead you to improve your game . my swing improved markedly after i came to understand author mcteigue 's " lighthouse turn " ( lesson two : momentum ) . 
camera neg 495.txt i 've purchased seven items from amazon in 2005 , so i 'm not a complete rookie . this item 's ad title includes the word " battery " in big , bold letters . i purchased this kit advertised with a " used price " , but " condition : new " . the ad picture clearly shows a battery . i had looked at several ads and did not read the individual seller 's comment " battery missing " in uppercase , though in regular font . to me , a missing part warrants more of a warning than a " comment " . that 's my " lesson learned " , but i still find it confusing to advertise both complete and incomplete kits together under identical ad titles without a prominently displayed warning in big , bold text indicating that the most valuable part is missing . lesson learned : read the whole ad for the specific seller , especially the " seller 's comments " 
camera neg 219.txt while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version 
dvd neg 551.txt i bought basically , because i love denisee richards and daryl hanna , plus i like also valerie tasso , besides i am a fan of pierre woodman , they all appear on the film , among some well know adult stars like dora venter , rita faltoyano . but really the film is not good at all , it is slow , the elements do n't match . it is sometimes hard to follow . it is really not worth buying it 
health pos 682.txt i bought this bag for my husband as a surprise ( as i had bought another brand , and he did not like the asian floral print ) . it 's very roomy , looks great , fits ergonomically . i really love the pocket design and the space that they have , as well as the interior design . fits things better than my own bag ! my husband loves it and ca n't wait to use it ! plus that , this is the best price i 've seen online , and of course , amazon ships quickly and accurately 
software pos 88.txt i could n't have found a better x-men product . every mag . has its own pdf . the readability is only limited by the size of your monitor 
software neg 306.txt the real headache began when i attempted to " activate " the program . i spent hours trying to activate it , to no avail . i got messages saying that the serial number was invalid and a host of other problems . now , i would just like to get my money back . i have used scansoft 's stuff in the past and have been pleased with it , but , for whatever reason , omnipage 15 has become , for me , an expensive nightmare . after having spent many hours trying to activate it , i still have not succeeded . their support leaves a lot to be desired . for one thing , they keep " bankers hours " so do n't expect to get any help on the weekend or after hours 
health neg 22.txt lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery . 
camera pos 414.txt started to by a less expensive bag last january ( dec. now ) and i 'm shure glad i didn't . for the money this bag is a good one . it 's not flimsy and you can get in and out of it and the pockets easly . the tripod holder on top has been real convenient 
music neg 99.txt wild card is the best song on this cd . the rest just did n't do it for me and i did n't care for the latin flavor . this cd was a mess . if the rest of the songs were along the lines of wild card , i would have kept the cd . this did n't say rippingtons to me . 
books neg 371.txt i read bill bryson 's " a walk in the woods " and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book , and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated ( for the " educated " aspect , bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents ) . i started into " in a sunburned country " with similar expectations , and especially since i have always longed and planned to visit australia . to state that i was disappointed is a severe understatement . after reading this book i now have little to no desire to visit the " land down under ; " my only hope is that i will completely forget what i read in bryson 's book so that i may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting australia . ( senility be merciful and consume me hastily ! ) my best estimate is that bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about australia . during and / or after his trip , his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own . i have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as i did with this one . bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a " story " relayed second-hand from one of the australians he " met . " such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books . the only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents . these , at least , provided for some interesting reading . after comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of bryson 's books ( " i 'm a stranger here myself " ) after she read " a walk in the woods , " it would appear that " in a sunburned country " is not the only snore-fest that bryson has churned out . perhaps he is n't a " one hit wonder , " but i for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out . so , if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that bryson provided in " a walk in the woods , " look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed . 
books neg 757.txt i bought this book , the paperback version . the text is good , it describes all his letters and tries to do a lot of explanations too . however the prints of his paintings are not that impressive . they are very dark prints . go for some other book if you want to see the corect colors of his paintings 
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed 
software neg 847.txt i have had trouble and no satisfaction with this product . i am downloading grateful dead concerts from the internet . i want to turn them into audio or data cds . sometimes i get a whole concert as one giant file ; i want to cut that into tracks and save it . sometimes i get a bunch of tracks ; i want to combine the songs that " go into " one another ( my car stereo inserts a two-second delay between tracks ) . one of the things i want to do is to save the files ( which are mostly mp3s ) in the same bit rate and format as the originals , so i loose as little " music " as possible . the mp3 codec seems to be really buggy . most of the combinations of bit rates and codec strategies create really wacky files : some go 5 / 6 normal speed , others are compressed into chopped up shortened versions of the original . when i pick a combination of settings that work , i usually lose a lot of fidelity as compared to the original ( even when i 'm only combinining four mp3 's into one ) . try cutting one mp3 into two , and then recombining the parts into a whole . no matter what i try , there 's a little click in the place where the two files are joined . this should be an easy thing , since a lot of very basic editing is cutting and splicing . the upshot is , buying this was $40 down the drain . i 'm going to have to find better software for my purposes 
software pos 360.txt like many other long term hobby digital photo fans i have used paint shop pro for more than 10 years from version 4. it has always been a frustration that the programme was written for creating paint type graphics and photos were almost an add on . as digital photography became more and more a real option the earlier versions of paint shop pro became more of a frustration and i tried everything else . at last corel paint shop pro photo feels like it was written for photo editing . it is easy to use with all the assistance a beginner could want , but dig deeper and it will go wherever you want to go , and more . i 'm sad to see paint shop album almost redundant , but it is great to have the organiser on tap . it runs on a less than optimal computer system unlike others that are too large and slow for many of us to consider . 
music neg 8.txt there are 2 really good songs on here . the first is " untitled , " which sounds like gibbard was listening to a lot of brian wilson at the time he wrote it . the percussion sounds like it could have been on pet sounds . " underwater " is a pretty good song...but the real jewel on the album is " send packing . " it really is a beautiful , well-written song . the rest of the album sounds kind of thrown together and most of the songs would have been much better if they had been recorded with real instruments . basically , the novelty of the kid instrument thing wears off really quickly . all in all , i would n't spend 10 bucks on it , but a couple tracks are pretty good 
dvd pos 801.txt edmund o'brien is a cpa who decides to get away to san francisco for a weekend to sow some wild oats ( and also to get away from his secretary who 's nagging him to marry her ) . there he 's poisoned and told he has only a few days to live ; he tries to find out who poisoned him and why . the trail takes him into a world of corruption and double dealing . following this trail is a bit confusing for o'brien and the audience . but the picture is tightly directed and well acted . a highly regarded film-noir entry , and rightly so . worth a watch 
music pos 107.txt i read some of the other reviews before i submitted this . i do n't see how someone could get upset over the liner notes . redd does n't include danny gatton as an influence because he did n't listen to him . as far as other reviews concerning tone and the lack of fire , well , i do n't even know how to address that . redd has one of the best tones i 've heard on the tele and his note selection is what sets him apart from other pickers . ever hear of diarrhea of the guitar ? well , you wo n't get that on this cd because redd does n't play something to just play it . this cd showcases redd 's versatility from country , to swing , to blues , to rock , it has it all . if you like good pickin ' , then by this cd 
health neg 320.txt i am a male . i did a search and this item showed up for men . however , it is way too long for a man unless he is yao ming . it looked like i was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees . i am 5'10 " tall . also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback . it clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity . i will not ever buy another product made of this material 
dvd pos 603.txt these films used to be on tv all the time . i was amazed at how clever the plots were . i did n't remember some of them . " weird woman " is my favorite " b-film " and i 'm always recommending it to people . movies used to be so entertaining ! it 's great to have this collection available to film fans . we can overlook chaney 's stiffness , as the rest of the cast really compensates for it 
books pos 776.txt i 've read many books on meditation and while each of them answers some of my questions , jack kornfield 's book , a path with heart , answers every one save those that must be experienced first-hand in one 's own time . his voice and advice is articulate , intelligent , humorous , open , patient and wise . he starts out by telling you a little about his own experience , goes on to cover the basics of vipassana meditation and then leads you bit by bit deep into the issues every meditator and spiritual seeker must face . what i love most about his teaching style is that he gives gentle , practical advice on the day-to-day , minute by minute stuff to do to explore , commit to , love being on the path . if my house were on fire and i had to grab only one book on my way out the door , it would be a path with heart 
health neg 791.txt we received it with broken cover . it did n't work properly and stopped running every hour . we tried different ways to make it run , but nothing worked . we 've returned it . it 's just waste of money . on the other hand the cow-humidifier which we bought at the same time is fine and running well . no complaints 
software pos 336.txt you learn extremely fast using rosetta stone , and you learn to think about what the word is , not it 's translation . probably the best language system available 
health pos 423.txt this is a great heating pad if you like heat . it ranges from low to hi with 4 settings in between . ( that is 6 settings ) especially nice is the loooooong cord . my old heating pad has like a 6 ft . cord and i always needed an extension cord for it . good purchase ! 
camera neg 520.txt i bought my canon a95 in november 2004. a little after 1 year just after the manufacturer 's warranty expired , the infamous e18 error struck . i called the factory repair center to get a repair estimate , and they quoted $89 plus $8 shipping & handling . i bought the camera for $300 online , now it 's going to cost me roughly 1 / 3 of its purchase cost to repair it . for all i know , it might break down again after the repair ! the repair comes with 90-day warranty period , but it could break again after 90 days . and then.. . there is an upgrade option . canon offers a program where you can upgrade a95 for a610 for $125 plus $10 shipping and handling . this comes with only 6-month warranty . again , it could be flawed with the same e18 error that could struck after warranty expires . i would really do extensive research before buying another canon . 
camera pos 183.txt works great on my s2is , clicked on silver on main page but switched to black on order form , did n't notice this but i like the black anyway . looks good with acc 
dvd neg 509.txt ' clownhouse ' is mainly associated with a sex scandal involving the director and the youngest boy actor . while hearing of salva 's conviction when ' jeepers creepers ' came out , i never knew it had anything to do with this movie , nor had i ever heard of this in the first place . i actually stumbled upon this looking to see if there was a horror movie involving clowns besides ' it ' , and came across this weird little ' halloween' -like suspense tale . while the sex scandal never once popped into my head ( except when there was a pointless and gratuitous butt shot of the kid ) , i still did n't care for this too much , despite its pluses . like ' halloween ' , this film relies on suspense rather than gore to creep people out , but sadly , it did n't really get to me . if i was about 9 or so , this would 've scared the hell out of me . i 'm not saying i hated this ; it was all right and had some geniune chills and some fantastic images , but because you see who the clowns are before they find the house and start terrorizing the children , it lost some effect for me . i would have liked it better if i had no idea what was going on , and it would 've been a creepier experience . horror movie fans should like this , even though i personally thought it would be better . the atmosphere is very , very creepy , and the clowns are actually pretty terrifying in their own way , but it just did n't do it for me . rent it first 
camera neg 401.txt i no longer own my previous and much finer camcorder , so i finally found myself in the market for purchasing some kind of camcorder until i could get back on my feet to get another good one . i thought this one may do , good price , looks sharp , purchased on impulse . . .big no-no . i will say the camera takes decent pictures ( as the previous reviews state , almost exclusively outside in broad daylight or indoors with very good lighting ) . other than that , do n't bother . the mp3 is a cute function ( and quite possibly the most practical ) . the video , uhh , let 's not even go there . the voice recorder , also not bad - records in wav format and can be transferred to pc . jack of all trades , master of none . . .i guess that would be the best way to finally describe this item . i will say that i 'll be saving up now for much better camcorder and no more " i just gotta have this right now " save your $ , find a quality product - even if you have to pay a little more for it . trust me , it will be overall better in the long run . . 
dvd neg 7.txt horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . this movie was a disappointment from the start . whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . i mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . i didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . i bought this movie used , and i 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge . 
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story 
books neg 479.txt for years , i had heard the akashic records being touted as the unwritten spiritual book of life , that included every event , every living soul who had ever taken a breath from the beginning of time through eternity . the subject was beyond fascinating , as my limited mortal mind could not grasp the enormity of such a body of knowledge " existing " . however , i took it on absolute faith that this was so and recently endeavored to find the quintessential book on the subject . knowing of mr. cayce 's tremendous psychic following , i assumed this book would enlighten me and others . i excitedly bought a new copy for myself and sent another to a friend . after trudging through the first 68 pages , i felt lost and befuddled . the writing and text are difficult to follow and not at all in " layperson 's " language . perhaps this book is meant for an experienced psychic mind and intellect , one who understands the language and is willing to muddle through the long-winded case histories to discover meaning and relevance . my friend confessed she had read a mere chapter or two , then set it aside . pie dumas author & life coach 
camera pos 45.txt this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands 
books pos 758.txt the hebrew , aramaic , and greek dictionaries are done very well , compared to the old strong 's concordance i have 
health pos 415.txt i think it nice for me , make my eyes relax after long-time working before computer 
camera pos 921.txt this film has great color production and performance . the price is also just right . you ca n't go wrong with the fujifilm superia x-tra 400 
health neg 844.txt original purchase had two dead batteries , then a replacement set had the same results , it 's as if they were bundling two dead batteries with every order . but the bottom line says it all in fine print on the back down low " made in china " . 
health neg 645.txt i purchased 2 of them , put in new alkaline batteries , and found that it will not cut hair as advertised . the motor is underpowered . useless product . 
books neg 75.txt i loved the earlier nevada barr mysteries , with their depiction of national parks and natural dangers . i was n't as happy with some of her latest efforts , but still had n't given up on her . now i 'm not so sure . this latest novel started off well enough although the idea of two severely traumatized girls should have been a clue as to what would follow . the idea that they were from a polygamous mormon sect was a red herring . perhaps it was barr 's attempt to show us how these girls were abused even before they met evil incarnate . the scenes where anna realizes who the real villian is and her interaction with him and the poor tortured third traumatized girl went on for over 60 pages . each scene was more disturbing the one before it . i found myself skimming the pages and still am not sure how she resolved all the loose ends . but i have absolutely no desire to re-read the end of the book and find out . i wish i could say that i would read another nevada barr novel because i so thoroughly enjoyed the first ones . but after reading this disturbing , somewhat convoluted story , i would think twice . if i did pick up another anna pigeon novel , i 'd make sure i had something else to read if the story took another dark turn . i would certainly not stick with it to the end . 
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre ' 
software neg 866.txt g'day , i bought dns 8 standard to use mainly on trips so i could keep a diary of the trips . when i tried it , the voice recognition was so-so . the worst part was that after about 3 pages the " file " fills up and you have to begin a new one . now maybe there is a way around this , but i and no one else will be able to find out from nuance . their customer [dis]service is down at the bottom of the marianas trench . [i could make reference to whale droppings , but that would n't be polite.] i emailed them about this and was told to call for an answer . however , that would be my one and only free call . i really think , nuance needs competition . hello there microsoft 
dvd pos 674.txt i echo most of the previous reviews . this hayley mills vehicle has little to do with the excellent mary stewart novel that it shares some of its title with . hayley was too young to be the novel 's heroine , and so for this film the plot and romance were ' youthened ' , sanitized ( though the novel 's romance was also chaste ) and also very much dumbed down . as a featherweight hayley mills film , this is harmless , and very much a lesser - disney film of the 60s . just do n't expect this to be more than it is and you might enjoy it , even with your kids of today , as a retro laugh 
camera pos 885.txt we bought this camera because our other digital camera ( sony dsc-h1 ) was too large to carry around a lot of the time . we took it skiing with us ( whistler , bc ) and it took some outstanding pictures , both of persons and of landscape / scenery . it is small enough that you can pretty much carry it anywhere , anytime . others may disagree , but the touchscreen menu controls are easy to use and fairly intuitive . fingerprints do get on the screen but you hardly notice them and they are easily removed ( or better yet , use the little wand they give you with the camera instead of your fingers , that does n't leave any marks on the screen ) . to summarize : this is an excellent camera , very small size but with a large 3 " led display , takes excellent pictures , and the touchscreen menu is easy to use and intuitive . most people will be very happy with this camera if they buy it . the only negative thing is that this camera does not have a view finder , but unless you have very bright sun at your back this is n't too much of a problem . 
software pos 837.txt my 11 year old daughter loves playing this game . graphics could be better but overall it teaches them a lot about horses and how to take care of them . great for any horse lover in your family 
health pos 819.txt i really like this curling iron.. . - and you definitely ca n't beat the price ! it heats up very quickly , and gives me great curls . the key to working with large barrel curls are to use a mouse or cream to texturize your hair . then , after you curl , make sure to take a blowdryer on cold / low setting to lock the curls down . i always receive so many compliments on my hair ! ! 
books neg 759.txt not that great . a far better read is " sun , sin and suburbia : an essential history of modern las vegas " by geoff schumacher . 
health pos 526.txt i am in my early 30 's and have been experiencing severe and embarassing break-outs along my jaw line , chin and cheeks for the past couple of years . i have tried murad , proactiv , acnefree and many other systems without success . a month ago i picked up the neutrogena system when i saw it on sale . within five days days my skin started to clear . now , i have a completely clear complexion and have not had a single break-out since starting the system . i have had no problems with drying and my skin is much softer than before . finally , a product that works and comes at a decent price ! 
health neg 618.txt the mattress pad topper has a strong chemical smell . after receiving it , i left it in an open room for 2 weeks before i can sleep on it . the " free " pillow smells even worse . it can be not exchanged since it is " free " . i guess i am supposed to toss it since it 's " free " . i think it will be fair to mention that the topper is comfortable , after all . 
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music . 
health neg 324.txt i was overwhelmed by the choices , and selected this model , in part , because of the reasonal price . i had read reviews which mentioned problems and the need to return the product , but i decided there was only a small possibility of that happening . the instructions said to use the lowest setting initially , which certainly made sense . however , the instructions said to move the adjustment " toward the tip " , which turned out to be the highest , not the lowest setting ! the diagram on the handle indicated that the movement was toward the larger opening , but i read the directions and did not look at the diagram until later . the spray was very powerful and actually " hurt " , especially when it was by my tooth with a crown . the next day i tried adjusting the settings with the pik over my sink , not in my mouth ! it felt wonderful on the lower setting ! i reread the directions again ( and again over the next several days ) to see if the error was mine or theirs . i still think the directions were not written properly . the third day i had trouble getting any spray at all . this continued for about a week , some days getting more or less , but never a full spray on any setting ! my guess is that it was in a permanent " pause " mode . i gave up and pursued returning the item . it needed to be returned to an " authorized repair " , which luckily was only a few miles away ( there were only three in my state ) . the repair man had told me , over the phone , it was a discontinued model and had n't been made in about a year . when he looked at it , he found it had been made in 2006. he said he could fix it , but was n't allowed to ; i am awaiting a replacement to arrive in the mail . 
music pos 266.txt i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant 
books pos 72.txt beginning with the introduction , i was taken on a fabulous journey . these gifted authors write a wonderful narrative . lande 's snapshots add a lot to this impressive and comprehensive companion . they are as engaging as any short story in the new yorker ! i found the collection of old posters designer appealing integrated with beautiful photography , as one would expect from national geographic . the guide is uniquely for both armchair and active travelers and two books in one . the first carefully expertly evaluates top ten lists on everything travel related , from hotels to hideaways , national parks to international markets . subjective of course . we all have our favorites . i particularly liked a chapter called " ten best things to do on sunday afternoons in ten cities " . part two includes literary and historical journeys , elevating this travel guide above all others . ready made and travel ready . i 'm on my way on the road to mandalay ! the book ends at lands end , with a country-by-country supplement to best destinations . what a travel kit ! national geographic 's ten best of everything is passport perfect in every way . you 'll love every moment . 
dvd pos 272.txt china : the panda adventure is an imax film that tells a story. . so..in a sense the pandas are a part of this story but not in the sense of a documentary . the story is set in 1936 and is based on a true story involving ruth harkness who has arrived in china to take care of the business affairs of her late husband . her husband , it seems was a great admirer of the giant panda and in his journal he writes a beautiful story about his experiences with them..this leads ruth to seek these pandas out to see for herself..as the story unfolds we see the beauty and majesty of china..the cinematography is outstanding and the music fits the film quite well. . ruth is played by the lovely maria bello and there is an additional documentary about the making of this film is which she talks about her reasons for wanting to do this film and her fascination with the panda. . all in all..this film is a nice way to spend the evening with your family..but be warned..it 's more of a story involving the panda and not a documentary . 
health pos 995.txt you know right away your teeth feel different , much like how they feel after a dentist cleaning . the dual action ( larger ) head is gentler and feels more like a normal toothbrush but it certainly is n't as aggressive as the smaller one in it 's ability to clean . if you can handle the smaller heads they certainly do a better job . the flossing attachment was also very effective 
books neg 746.txt i was trying my hardest to be creept out , but like someone said , it read like a pre-teen novel . 
books neg 147.txt this book is unfortunately not up to par for kay hooper . her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is ( there is n't a single clue at any point in time ) . the heroine keeps loosing her memory , so you do n't even have the usual good characterizations of hero & heroine ( since she ca n't even remember much about herself , much less him ) . if you like kay go ahead and read it , but i hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard 
music neg 893.txt it seems that even the best bands have only a finite number of great melodies in them , and the flower kings exhausted theirs in their first four cds . here we have yet another double-helping of their ageless wisdom , strewn across two cds to our fiduciary detriment . though not as crass and offensive as stolt 's " wall street voodoo " or bodin 's " i am " , this is nevertheless lyrically naive to the level of silliness . there are a few good instrumental passages mixed in this release , but not enough to justify its purchase . stolt said in a recent interview something to the effect that " ...peace & love never go out of fashion.. . " well , neither does informed maturity , and you wo n't find any of that in this group 's recent output . just more utopian preaching and good vs. evil typecasting . their liner notes advocate sending money to greenpeace and amnesty international , but i would counter that any american would be better investing their extra cash at st. jude 's children 's hospital . i 'm going to sell my copy of " paradox hotel " , and probably several more flower kings cds , to do just that . there are some sick children out there who need our support and encouragement far more than these would-be hippies 
dvd pos 875.txt the book offers what feels to be a valuable revelation about improving your game . the information is well presented and the cd is a nice addition...but really i think counting the the tempo / timing to yourself would be more effective ; at least that worked better for me 
camera neg 16.txt i am on my third off-camera cord ( about one per year ) . two have broken . as other reviewers noted , the four screws under the metal retaining clip on the " female " end of the cord loosen and eventually fail . i have found that a thin narrow knife can be used to remove the black " spring " cover over the screws on the shoe . you can then tighten the screws with a screwdriver . if you use locktite on the screws then they will not loosen . canon should do this at the factory . i use this cord with a stroboframe " portrait / landscape " grip which raises the flash over the camera by six inches thus eliminating red eye and providing a much more pleasing light . the stroboframe grip comes with the right size threaded screw for this cord . when my cords failed i lost the extended-through the lens metering just like another reviewer noted . i am not a professional photographer and only use the camera occasionally yet the cord still fails . canon should re-engineer this cord to make it more durable . unfortunately , i do not believe that there are alternative cords . it looks like i will need to keep buying canon cords 
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever 
dvd pos 767.txt it gets laughs in its comicness in certain scenes it gets shocks like the beginning war scenes and the fight scenes it gets more interesting as the plot unravels great actors picked for such roles the perfect killing machines one insane in the brain and one out to save lives that should n't be lost in the first place the diner scene where the soldier orders alot of food and keeps eating and the guy says how you gonna pay for this and the soldier says " i just want to eat , i do n't wanna hurt you , then he kicks ass while still enjoying his meal . and his reporter female friend comes in and says " good meal " as a question that is . and he says without words " makes a happy sigh " that 's hilarious . and how she looks around and see everyone who got their ass kicked from keeping him from eating his food priceless movie worth the watch again and again i 'm glad i saw this on tv when i was younger and i 'm glad i got this on dv 
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible . 
software pos 532.txt my boys are 5 and 7 and they can play this at different levels and enjoy it very much ! ! they have played it and learned from it extensively 
camera pos 444.txt after buying this camera i was pleased for the most part , as the interface is extremely simple and the picture quality is very good . it 's a sleek , smooth design with minimal buttons , thus little confusion . there are 3 things , however , that i 'm not happy with . one is that it takes double a batteries , and eats them up really fast . the second thing is that there 's no secondary viewfinder , just the lcd screen . the lcd screen is large , which is great. . but this is why the battery life is so low . you ca n't turn the lcd screen off , so batteries go fast . the third and final thing i dislike about it is that there 's no ac adaptor , so whenever you plug your camera into the computer or the tv , not using it to take pictures , you have to run it on batteries . that is , unless you somehow find a compatible 3 volt ac plug , which is neither on the vivitar website , or anywhere else online that i can find made specifically for this camera . i 'm a little upset that it came with no adapter , as that would be so useful for a camera that eats up batteries . i reccomend rechargibles if you 're going to get this camera 
camera neg 711.txt the battery is good after a full charge . it lacks in holding the promised charge . i find after 2 weeks it is questionable , depending on how many pictures were taken before the camera sat waiting to be used again . i got over 100 pictures when used in 3 days , which is more that my aa nimh 2100mah . which i bought from walmart {so probably not a super battery} the wallmart batteries actually hold the charge longer {very sad}.the charge time is not to long when charger from half charge . over all , i hope the next ones i buy will be better than these . my solution is to carry a non rechargeable battery in my case for when the delkin dies . i also try to give it a full charge before leaving the house , as there is no memory effect . i also recomend checking to see if there is a firmware upgrade for your camera . every camera shuts off when the battery is at a different power level . my nikon coolpix 3100 , seems to shut down sooner than later . all reviews should mention what camera they are using for this reason . have been using 3 months now . 
music pos 299.txt hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash . 
dvd neg 676.txt i am from australia and received these in the post and promptly returned them to amazon . is a complete season of baywatch really baywatch when the seasons are labeled incorrectly , the music and theme song have been changed and episodes are missing ? i do n't think so . not only have the distributors done fans no favours but amazon have incorrectly labeled the cast . on the amazon website as part of advertising for season 1 they have incorrectly labeled it . if you go by the cast that amazon have put on , you would think that it was the real original season 1 , when we know it is not . the release in the uk , which is out now and the upcoming release in australia on march 14th is the real deal . season 1 is the real season 1 and all subsequent seasons are correct . there are no episodes missing and the original music and theme song are intact . might wanna try those regions to buy the real deal . aaro 
camera pos 214.txt now , this is n't the fastest card on the market . but it is a solid , reliable card . the camera itself is the bottle kneck , and typically not this card . however , if you are using a canon dslr of a recent flavor , i would check if it needs to be rma'd . a known quantity of these cards have proven to lose images . scary . however , i 've not experienced the mysterious loss of images with my card or rebel xt . i 've only ever pushed the cards speed limits with my pd70x , and definately not with my rebel xt 
dvd neg 725.txt this is a ridiculous overkill of two fascinating characters in the ' lonesome dove' . the whole 2 dvds were just a bunch of idiots kept blabbering , small talking , yammering , blah , blah , blah from the first second to the last minute , just like mcmurty 's novels , all the characters were just kept talking , talking , talking in meaningless small talks , almost talked your ears off . it 's so controversial and contradictory to those two characters first appeared in ' lonesome dove ' , gus talked and talked , but call never talked like what was protrayed in this pathetic ' dead man 's walk ' and the ' comanchi moon ' , the more logic one is the real sequel , ' the street of loredo ' , at least gus was dead , and call remained not just silent but more quiet . by watching this horrible movie adaptation from the original book , scripted by the author , the whole movie was doomed to be horrible . because mcmurty simply could n't omitted those yammering spread all over his original novel , page after page , blah , blah , blah , and we have to find the storyline among those conversations , dialogs , and dug them out of those garbage-like paragraphs . watching this movie was no different . those idiotic morons never kept their mouths shut . blabbering day and night , even during the comanchi attacks . what call showed in this movie and the novel could never developed into a character like what he had become in ' lonesome dove' . because from the very beginning , everybody just quacked and quacked like a school of chickens . drive me nuts . how come these two young characters portrayed in this blabbering novel would and could have developed into the profound older characters in the ' lonesome dove ' ? once a moron , a coward , an idiot , always would be a one , no matter how old you have become . adding experiences and sophistication in the aging process never happened to a moron , coward or an idiot . how could these two jokes would have survived in that harsh environment is simply beyond me . at least the ' lonesome dove ' movie adaptation was close to what the novel read like . and ' the street of loredo ' movie was also an adaptations from the novel 
dvd pos 126.txt a movie to enjoy watching many times . very entertaining and light . 
dvd pos 117.txt the funny thing about this movie is that i read negative reviews here , and rather agree with what they assert : that the plots and some of the characters are not very " evolved " due to time . if you disect the movie , yes this is *true.* nonetheless , i love this movie ! i love watching the what the actors do with this material , and how they manage , with so little time , to invest the viewer in their story . emma thompson gives a perfect performance , i think , highlighting how complicated long marriages can become , and the pitfalls of being " too functional . " bill nighy is hilarious , acting as the needed jolts in between serious moments...quite refreshing . most of all , it is genuinely funny . life can feel ( or at least my life can feel ) disjointed , and i love a movie where a larger pattern emerges from seemingly chaotic events and connections . 
books pos 393.txt a surprisingly tiny book . ( the picture in the upper-left corner is nearly actual size . ) after receiving it , i immediately looked up its dimensions in the description on this page . it says 4.7 x 3.3 x 0.6. i had not noticed that before i ordered it . the book seems much smaller than that . not that that is a problem ; it was just somewhat of a shock to find such a minuscule book when i opened the box . i believe it is intended to be carried with you in your pocket or glove box or the locket around your neck so you 'll have a chance to pick out a few choice topics of conversation before you enter a party or whatever . it certainly is not intended as bathroom reading . for one thing , the pages are much too small for emergency tp use . not that i am complaining , mind you . this is a gem of a book with over 200 interesting bits of trivia listed more or less alphabetically from " the amish " to " zero " . ( this is not to imply that the title of each page has much to do with the text , but who cares - the book is fun . ) each page has its stated " fact " and a follow-up paragraph to expound on the subject . also , there are a number of pages randomly strewn through the book with three " instant personalities " each - little tidbits of info about famous people . ( although , thomas jefferson got his own page , as did alfred hitchcock . ) and unlike another trivia book i purchased recently ( bla bla ) , the information here is actually correct . will and mangesh research their topics , not just publish un-provable " facts " gathered from the internet . use the contents with confidence . 
books pos 451.txt " i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . " said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because.....who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and.............do you think he survived the wilderness ? .........he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut ! 
camera neg 49.txt you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality 
software pos 313.txt i like wordperfect much better than microsoft word as it is easier to use . reviel codes solves a lot of problems when text wont behave . not available in word . i bought the x3 version because of some bad bugs in ver 12. , like not being able to export my address book without errors and mail merge problems . the price was right on amazon and it was easier that trying to fix 12. i do n't see a big difference between the two versions except that they fixed all the problems that i was having in 12. if an earlier version is working for you , i see no good reason to upgrade . b 
health pos 172.txt i was 5 minutes early getting out of the house to go to work one morning so i decided i could stop by a coffee shop and get a mocha . on my way back to my car the mocha " splooshed " out of the sipping hole in the to-go lid and got all over my sweater...naturally , that day it was a white silk knit sweater . so i had these large dark brown coffee / chocolate stains , and a decision to make about whether to make myself extremely late to work by going home to change . the cafe was next to a supermarket so i decided to go buy a tide to go pen and give it a try . i applied it as directed to the stain and immediately the stain lightened noticeably . i was a bit worried because after treatment there were still light tan stains visible , but after blotting the excess liquid and letting the sweater dry while wearing for about half an hour , there was no hint that any mocha had ever touched my sweater . the cleansing agent also gets points for not damaging my silk sweater , despite the fact i was rubbing the product in fairly vigorously ( out of desperation...i was going to be late for work ! ) i 'm not sure how it would work on other stains but i will keep one in my purse from now on . on the packaging it does identify which sorts of stains it works best on , and which it will be less effective on . from other reviews this will not work so well on some common food stains , so that 's why i 'm giving 4 stars and not 5. another minor concern is the warning about blotting the fluid if fabric will come into contact with direct sunlight . it does n't say what will happen if you allow saturated fabric to see sunlight . perhaps there is the potential for color / fabric damage 
music pos 426.txt i have followed the enigma project for a long time , and have n't found myself disappointed with a single release thus far . ( that is , considering i am reviewing an older album . ) ' the cross of changes , ' the second chapter in the enigma project , offers philosophical insight into micheal crtu 's personal beliefs , in the form of an ' enigmatic ' symphony of soft composition and chanson . while each album seems to hold it 's own unique interpretation of life , i believe the purpose of this album is to inspire love , peace and wholeness within its listeners . the lyrical value of ' the cross of changes ' seems to surpass that of its instrumental quality , which is , at times , rather poor in comparison to some of micheal 's other works . however , the lyrics are reassuring and inspiring , none-the-less , and make the entire experience worthwhile . buyers who are curious about enigma probably should n't start with this album , as it seems to be one of those things you appreciate only after hearing some of the latter releases . ( in my case , at least . ) the first album i purchased was ' love , sensuality , devotion ' ( the greatest hits album ) - - a good start , considering you will get a fair idea of what enigma is all about . by the way , i am curious about track number 2 - - everytime i listen to it , i faintly hear sandra chanting " open your heart , and push the limits.. . " in the background , though it could just be my imagination . it 's strange that i mention that , because ' push the limits ' was released after this album 
health neg 240.txt i bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for christmas . he has wanted ones that we 've seen in the mall , so this seem to be a good one . well , the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy . we had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in . once we got it in , the head tripper felt great . it really did send goosebumps down my spine . the only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off , litterally the next day after giving it to him . it first was bent and then finally broke all the way off . i do not recommend this product . i was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them . you can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short 
books pos 191.txt this truly excellent collection of singer 's stories ( all originally composed in the yiddish language ) are as colorful as the people about whom the stories were written . here are tales of weddings , of jokesters , of happy occasions of all variety , of feuding farmwives , and of unrepentant fools . after reading through a handful of singer 's works , a person gets the feeling of how it must have been to live as a jew in eastern europe a hundred years ago . this was a culture rich in its traditions and lore , a people who loved life and kept their identity through good times and bad . singer , himself born and raised in the region so many of his short stories describe , was one of very few authors i would unhesitantly dub " a human treasure " 
music neg 173.txt je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans 
music neg 718.txt i 'm a big fan of great big sea and i purchase everything they release . apparently they were trying to give this cd the " feel " of a live , medium-size venue performance . unlike their other live dc offerings , this one sounds like it was recorded with a micro-cassette tape in some fan 's front pocket . it does n't give justice to their usual great vocals and unique sound . overall , i was pretty disappointed and i 'd recommend their earlier offerings over this one . 
camera neg 398.txt the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo 
health neg 845.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you 
camera pos 738.txt the bushnell perma focus 7x50 wide angle binoculars were the ideal choice for my recent trip to tanzania and the serengeti . they worked perfectly for the application needed . a really happy surprise on just how well these worked . as we bounced around on dirt roads and cross country in land rovers , the perma focus feature was outstanding and made things simple and easy ! : - ) the magnification level was perfect for almost every scenario we came across . anything that was outside of about 80 feet came through in crystal clear vivid color and clarity . it really made for up close and personal viewing of all the animals we saw . by far , these were the best investment i made before the trip ! i ca n't imagine being without them now on such an expedition . really fantastic performance and a great value to boot ! ! ! ! the vendor was fast & flawless in the transaction too . in my opinion you wo n't be disappointed with these binoculars . troy : - ) 
books neg 824.txt i 'm very disappointed in this book , although some information in it is valuable , it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover . it is an excellent textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular basis and find ideas for what you need . although broken into sections , they are not readily found or visible . one must search the information needed as in a research assignment . the reproducibles are mainly for elementary grades . this was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it 's contents , on-line . although the price was reasonable , i 'm not pleased with the way the book is organized & amp ; printed 
camera pos 656.txt i stumbled across this little gem by accident . i was picking up supplies at office depot and they had a kodak z650 ( display model ) on sale for under $100. it was a ridiculous impulse buy- -i already own 4 digital cameras ... the last thing i needed was another camera ! but what a delighful suprise this camera turned out to be ! it 's come the closest to rivaling the image quality of my old olympus c-740. i had never seriously looked at kodak cameras ... i always steered clear of them based on bad press and negative comments about them from my friends who are " serious " photographers . but i could n't be happier with this little bargain ... it basically serves the need i wanted to fill - - a 6mp camera that takes the kind of quality shots i was used to with my c-740. there are a few negatives in that it can be a little slow in processing the shots , but there is very little shutter-lag when taking the shots . i 've gotten some amazing birds-in-flight shots with it- -something i 've never been able to accomplish with any of my other cameras , including the c-740. some low-contrast shots come out a bit noisy , but for the most part the shots are very crisp and sharp . it handles low-light settings better than any of the others in this class that i 've tried . at less than a third of the price of my canon s2-is , this little camera outclasses the others by a mile . i stumbled on to a good find in the z650 ... it 's not going to give you dlsr quality photos , but no point-and-shoot will . this camera is perfect for any one who likes to take great outdoor and wildlife shots . i just wish someone would have given a good report on kodak cameras before i spent a small fortune on the others 
camera pos 691.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
books pos 665.txt following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle . once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended . smash 
camera pos 864.txt this flash is the perfect back-up for a studio , or main / flash fill for an amateur studio . i use several w / slaves and lines and the images rival set-ups that cost thousands of dollars . i like that they are light and easy to pack and transport . they are reasonably priced . they have been around for a long time and do not have bells and whistles . the sunpak has auto / f-stop and manual . if you are a real photographer , you will know how to use them . the down side is that if your sunpak is plugged into a wall , it takes far too long to recharge ( sometimes 3-5 seconds ) . rechargeable batteries seem to work the best with 1-3 second recharge times between flashes . 
camera pos 502.txt this digital photo frame has reasonably good picture quality and once set up , can be used by anyone in the selected mode . i have it set for slide presentation mode and people enjoy looking at it . i could easily see giving it , already set up , to people who are not computer savvy , such as grandparents . to give them new pictures , send a new card and they slip that in . that said , the cost is still fairly high and the buttons on the top of the frame useless unless you have them memorized or really good vision . i would recommend this product 
music pos 70.txt as with her second album , i love " thankful " . kelly clarkson has a beautiful voice and has a lot of talent . i especially like " whats up lonely " , " you thought wrong " , and " just missed the train " . although the whole album is very good . 
camera pos 326.txt the cover over the lense broke / small lcd screen / pictures are pritty good / battery life is pritty good / some images can come out a bit blurry if theres no flash and your hands arnt that steady / takes nice portaits / easy to use / has a veiw-finder 
camera neg 701.txt purchased this item in dec 06 ' screen burned out mar 07' . on top of that screen quality was not that great . do not order order this item 
software pos 274.txt i have not spent tons of time working with the program yet , but have done enough to know that the learning curve is reasonable if you are somewhat publishing program literate . it has lots of potential for aiding in visualizing what your project will look like finished . if you are willing to invest some time to learn the program features , it performs as promised 
books pos 643.txt the language , the words , the concepts , the illustrations , the points he brings out , everything in this book is beautiful . the metaphors he will use to get a certain point across , is brilliant , simple , creative , nimble ; he dances around philosophical discussion with grace . he explains relativism , and absolutism , quite well , and puts you in the crossfire , to make up your mind ; he shows you , but does n't tell you ; he offers you ; he willingly gives you ; the truth . buy this book 
dvd pos 257.txt it is nice to see sarah michelle geller in a not-so-nice , anti-heroine role here . i 'm so used to seeing her as " buffy " 
camera neg 160.txt from reading the other reviews , i seem to be one of the few to have mechanical issues with my a530. within a month after buying it , the lens cover began remaining half closed when the power is turned on . i have to manually flick open the shutter / cover . then , the flash began intermittently malfunctioning and now the zoom function will only work in one direction ( that is , it works to " zoom in " on something , to zoom back out i have to turn the camera off and back on . to my knowledge , the camera has not been dropped or otherwise physically abused to cause these problems . i 'm disappointed because i do like the photos that the camera takes when it does function properly . fortunately , i bought it at costco , so it 's going back . 
camera pos 364.txt aside form the fact that canon charges an arm and a leg for a 1 dollar piece of plastic , the remote switch does work well . it does not feel very sturdy and does not seem nearly as well built as the canon cameras . people with big hands may have a little trouble using this product . overall , a " must have " addition for anyone interested in long exposures , images with excellent sharpness and depth of field 
dvd neg 350.txt the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known hollywood cliche in film making.i applaud the effort.the chicks in this film are happening babes fo sho.but there ai n't much to the film but it has some fun to it 
camera pos 822.txt i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go . 
health neg 872.txt i bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading , doing crafts , sewing.......... . well it doesnt giove off much light either ! ! ! ! so you need another source of light in your work area also........ . i didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful natural light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light ! ! 
books neg 214.txt i have yet to use an actual phrase from this guide , but.. . it is good for re-charging my batteries when i have to write a review and feel uninspired . after reading through some ideas in this guide , i usually find i can then find my own words to say what i need to convey . the fact that all the phrases are positive , i see as a good thing because i feel it 's important to have a positive attitude toward the associate you 're reviewing . if there are challenges in the persons performance , the manager should have been working with the associate on that throughout the review period . i would recommend this book but only as a way to inspire the person writing a review to come up with their own way of phrasing.. . rather than use the phrases in the book . the people we manage deserve more than " copy / paste " reviews . 
software neg 73.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company 
camera pos 888.txt i bought this for my mother...she loves it ! its easy for her to use and the screen is large enough for her to view . the print quality is excellent . i got more ( merchandise and quality ) with this hp brand than i would had with any other brand . the price was excellent too . good job hewlett packard for making me a " smart " person 
camera pos 593.txt i had to decide between this camera and a panasonic . we trust the sony brand a little more , so we went with the sony . we were looking for an easy-to-use camera that we could just pick up and record our daughter...nothing professional but good enough quality to enjoy years later . i also wanted a camera that could take still photos so we would n't need both a digital camera and a camcorder when we take vacations . here 's what i think so far : great camcorder to do exactly what we want - - picture looks great inside and out , very easy to use , and small enough to carry along almost anywhere . still photos are not fantastic ( only 3mp ) , but good enough for me . color and resolution are acceptable . not easy to understand the lcd touch menus , but you can configure the buttons once you figure out which buttons you will use the most . i got the bare minimums for accessories...bought a 1gb memory card ( memory stick duo pro ) ...glad i did this since i will be taking stills and short video clips to email to the grandparents . also got a carrying case , dv tapes , and an extra np-fp71 battery . i 'll be purchasing a firewire cable soon ( i 'm sure you 've heard , the usb cable is inadequate for downloading video ) . handycam station does n't really bother me that much , but i can see what the fuss is about . all things considered , i 'm extremely happy with my purchase . i think this is a perfect camera for a first-time camcorder buyer who needs an easy button ( there 's one on the side of the camera ) . a little more expensive than some of the others , but the price is dropping . best of luck ! 
software neg 657.txt great product for what it does ! however , my experience with quicken products such as will maker is that there are no updates . you 'll have to buy the next year 's version to stay up to date for changes in your state . at the end of 2007 , the software is obsolete 
music pos 294.txt one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is 
health neg 761.txt all i wanted was a bottle that i could use to mix y protein but this stupid things leaks every time because the lid doesnt fit right . you 'd think something with only one purspoe would adequately fill that role... . well in this case it does n't 
camera neg 886.txt well . i was convinced the fx07 was a bad product after using it for 6 months . like a lot of other reviews have pointed out , the noise level in low-light condition is annoying , and give you a watercolor-like effect . some pictures i took during a visit to monterey bay aquarium turned out completely dark ( to prevent this beforehand , i even took photos of the same objects using several different settings , only to get the results of bad , worse , and worst ) . the picture quality is nowhere close to my old old old sony cybershot t7. i was totally disappointed . if not for my t7 was broken , i would n't even wanna use this camera . even re-sell it to other people , i would feel it 's like a crime . after revisiting this webpage and read more user reviews , i realized i must have got the defective item from amazon . well . what can i say ? it 's been 6 months . bottom line : just be careful when you received this item . do some test shots . if anything looks suspicious , ask for a replacement . after all , all the high praise here ca n't be all wrong 
health neg 516.txt i purchased this lumbar support for a recent back problem . big mistake ! it simply will not stay put no matter what chair i tried it with . the arch that is supposed to help relieve back pain and give support is just too much , it has you bending over backwards . i believe it actually made my back ache more . 
dvd pos 212.txt we started with " there goes a dump truck " which actually features a different " dave . " this first dave was in the dumptruck , tractor and farm truck versions - maybe a few others - and is pretty unbearable for parents as far as how silly he is . the newer dave ( dave hood ) is in all the rest ( along with his sidekick , becky , in some ) and is much less goofy than the other dave . i do n't think the kids really care though...the sillier the better and my son loves them both . anyway , i started with the dumptruck one when my son was almost 2 and he was immediately glued to the tv . i do n't let him watch cartoons and try to limit overall tv to things that are at least somewhat informative / educational . as a result , he was never one to sit and watch much tv ( made it hard for me to get things done ! ) . but , with this series , he enjoyed watching the real live machines and vehicles ( and some of the more goofy moments ) so much . it really was a lifesaver at times . needless to say it did n't take long for me to collect the entire series . i have watched them along with him and learned quite a bit about different occupations . my in-laws were farmers and really enjoyed watching the " tractor " and " farm truck " versions with him . his favorites include " there goes a firetruck , " " there goes a monster truck " and " there goes a spaceship . " but , he literally rotates through all of them and has over the past year plus ! i ca n't say enough good things about the video series as far as my son 's enjoyment goes . just do n't look for any oscars for the acting and editing . it 's pretty choppy , even for an amateur eye . i would highly recommend any in this series if your child likes any type of machine or vehicle . 
software pos 33.txt i upgraded from version 5. i do n't use very many of the features . but the big difference i see is , files sizes seem to be greatly reduced . something i would scan and be 10mb , now might be 2mb . this is just opinion , nothing scientific . the interface takes some getting used to , a bit different . overall for the price ( $99 - less $20 rebate ) , a great deal 
books pos 625.txt this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby / young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies 
books pos 369.txt truly the author 's pen is mightier than the sword as he takes on christmas , parents , children , evangelical christians from kentucky , television , macy 's , the result of a dalliance during the viet nam war , and " keeping up with the joneses " . this short book is much funnier than his best-selling " me talk pretty some day " as the author 's humorous cynicism is at its best . one ca n't put it down for fear of missing some insight into the american psyche . three of the stories appear to be autobiographical ( with obvious changes made to " protect the innocent " ) wherein the author " tells " the others in the guise of another . regardless , sedaris pulls no punches and will have the reader in stitches , even if there 's a little guilt attached to that feeling . 
camera pos 103.txt this monopod does a great job for my camera . you have the quick , easy-off , it attatches to your camera by a screw , and you can press the button on the side of the monopod and just slide your camera right off of it quickly . i wanted a nice , inexpensive monopod for my new zoom lense . i have a canon 35mm , and i recently purchased a 75-300 zoom lense for it , and i needed a monopod to stabilize the shoot . if i knew then what i know now , i would buy it again . nice product 
software neg 809.txt save your money ! ! ! i used the evaluation version of system mechanic version 6 for 29 days and thought it was great enough that i paid for and upgraded to system mechanic professional version on the subscription option for $69.95. i download the installer and ran it at 7:30 am on sunday morning . none of the modules , i repeat none worked . i uninstalled . cleaned out my registery and directories of all traces of this and the previous version and reinstalled , several time to the point that i gave up at 8pm the sam night . i search the online support and found no help . i wrote an email and as of today ( wednesday ) have not yet received a reply . their phone is constantly busy but i did get through last night at 7pm eastern time ( they close at 8pm eastern / 5pm pacific ) and was transferred to tech support . for the next hour i listened to the message : " all of our support specialist are busy . please stay on the line and your call will be answered in the order in which it was received " until 8pm when the recording switched over to : " thank you for calling iolo . our business hours are from 9am to 5pm pacific time . please call back during these hours . " i 'm extremely upset . i 'm not a noob and have been using computers since the 386 days . as soon as my american express bill cycles , i will call and have the charge removed . version 6 was great , version 7 tanks . save your money . spend it with a company who responds to their customers 
books pos 266.txt this book is simply incredible . a more stimulating book i could n't imagine ! it 's not that it told me so much i did n't know intuitively , but seeing it written so distinctly in black and white really hit home . this is one to read if you really want to get a sense of just how dramatically the world has changed . neal gabler , tells it like he sees it and has a lot of research to back up his views . i love that he does n't make judgements or try to press an opinion on the reader . it 's left up to you to decide how you feel about it all . i find myself thinking of points he brought up throught the day and seeing just what he meant by experiencing it in & quot ; real&quot ; life . the only reason i did n't give it a 5 is because i wish it was a bit more in-depth . it 's so engaging that i can imagine an entire college course being made from this book . it is a book that 's as entertaining as it is informative , and that 's the whole point 
software neg 29.txt i have to qualify this review by saying that i do not own pm 8.0 , so i cannot fairly give a rating , despite overwhelmingly negative reviews . i can only relate personal experience with norton / symantec products . i do own and have used pm 6.0 since ' 01 when it was still powerquest instead of norton / symantec and it has worked very well , though the gui is a bit quirky . i have run it with 2 drives , one with 98se and xp pro , with pm loaded on 98se partition and it did everything i needed on both drives . trouble is , version 5.0 is , afaik , not compatible with xp and since m$ no longer supports 98se , we have a problem , houston . currently i am using a mobile drive bay to switch drives as needed . if i get a drive partitioning software product compatible with xp , it most assuredly will not be anything produced by norton / symantec , based on these reviews and personal experience with norton / symantec products . i first bought a computer in ' 98 and used norton antivirus 5.0. at that time , norton was probably the best antivirus product out there . it worked flawlessly and i used and recommended it for years . no more . i purchased a copy of symantec system works 2005 right after it was released . long story short , i no longer use norton products because i got tired of the system crashes and stability issues caused by the unstable bloatware and system resource hog that it has become , and am currently using a competing product that is very highly rated but is not common on the shelves of the big box stores . there is one lone symantec product i still use- --windoctor , which is not installed on my ' puter but ran from the cd as needed . adios , anything else produced by norton / symantec . it ai n't worth the headaches when there are much better products available for less coin . 
books neg 395.txt my husband is icelandic , and unfortunately this book was no help at all.. . it 's perfectly fine for the traveller , but in trying to live everyday life , conversing with new family members forget it . i would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section , something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand . if you are quite serious about learning this language i would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive colloquial icelandic . for me at least , it 's quite easier to understand , has complete grammatical charts in the back , as well as a fairly decent dictionary.. . again , if you are only learning for business trips and such , then this would be a good option.. . for those of us actually moving there , her book is not so good. . 
books pos 116.txt definitely a wonderful book . for those following the teachings of the other books , this book provides more useful information . the path that castaneda elucidated is fraught with controvery and extreme views ( read the other reviews ) . i found it useful to read and judge for myself . what castaneda wrote about is not fiction however it is a difficult path that very few ever advance upon , thus the angry reviews of those calling castaneda a fraud due to their own failure . its also a path that those given to fantasy and believing in their own ' specialness ' jump on and thus follow blindly with no lasting gains , making up their experience as they go and making sure others hear about it . definitely not a path for everyone but certainly open to sober verification . also a great book for those looking for a well written and gripping book . i believe castaneda 's genius as well as his contribution to mankind is yet to be fully appreciated . i am grateful for the gift of his writings and wisdom 
music pos 106.txt i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words ! 
books neg 253.txt reviewer alianore 's opinion " rather too indulgent of its subject " is a very accurate portrayal of weir 's work . i will try to add something to that near perfect review . ( note : i listened to the unabridged audiobook of " queen isabella " , 22 hrs on 18 cds ) . the first half or so of this biography is mostly enjoyable , loaded with period details . the last third is the worst : weir 's fawning dedication to a glorious rehabilitation - - nay , elevation - - of queen isabella to the role of long-suffering , much-wronged , highly-deserving , and late-redeemed just queen of england . this book is really " subjective , rhetorical biographal dramatization " . i do not consider it to adhere to an academic standard for objective history and analysis . it is rhetoric because of the endless " weasel words " ( and expressions ) used copiously throughout : " some say " , " it has been said " , " many believe " , " therefore we may assume " , " it can be inferred " ... this is n't just an attribute of her style ... it *is* her style comprehensively . these expressions occur many hundreds of times , commonly in conjunction with wier 's subjective analyses that present her beloved isabella in the best possible light , always giving her every benefit of the doubt and shifting negative interpretations onto other persons . equally irksome is weir 's double-standard of historical psychological analysis . she is always ' declaring ' for us the contents of isabella 's thoughts . remarkable gift she has for this . many times weir reasonably states that modern psychological and socialogical interpretations of medieval history are inherently invalid or at least not meaningful . but then moments later she will portray isabella 's actions from a 21st century point of view ... always telling the reader how isabella must have , might have , could have , would have been thinking and feeling about one situation after another ... often presented in a positive way that is only supported by a present-day psychosocial interpretation of 800 year old history . this is n't historical writing , it is historical op-ed , with an obvious agenda . i do n't loathe this work , it is enjoyable in many parts for its color characterizations and depth of detail . the narrator of the audio book has a wonderful voice and good pacing . but this is highly flawed in its editorial approach to historical biography . ( other egregious examples of such hagiography include edmund morris ' " rise of theodore roosevelt " and " theodore rex " . i could not complete either of those since morris is so obviously enthralled by his subject , lovingly lionizing him in every sappy sentence . yuck . really . ) if prefer more history when reading ( or listening to ) history . and much , much less editorial subjectivity , retroactive psychology , biased interpretation and rhetorical postulation . the only way i could enjoy " isabella " by weir is to accept her bias up front and listen accordingly , taking it with " several pounds of salt " as the above referenced reviewer advises . 2.5 / 5 
dvd neg 411.txt a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women , this movie is for you elliot 's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy , contrived and lame narrative - clealry it 's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback setting it 's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthy if anything , this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy . sadly it 's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are ' camp ' and therefore funny , indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp ( go read susan sontag boys ) and how low ' gay culture ' as plummeted . there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia , and a secondary racist commentary about thai women ' entrapping ' aussie men trashy and not in a good way . a must have for no brainer gay men . 
software pos 503.txt what can i say other than this is simply hands down the best operating system on the planet ! we were spoiled by how flawless it performed , and sold our pc soon afterward . 
software pos 445.txt i bought this for my four girls . they all love it , ad are learning lots . but the quality of the graphics , characters , and even theme ( or story ) seem to be low budget . we have a lot of other educational computer games which are just fun for even me to watch ( and play ) . the overall quality in our other games is much higher . it is a lot like comparing disney cartoons to speed racer . but...my oldest , who is 11 , still enjoys this program and has not complained about anything i write about here 
music pos 922.txt well , this is n't at the gates . nightrage reminds me of many old arch enemy guitar tunes that were so melodic . of course , that leads into gus g . substituting chris on concerts being an excellent choice , as they make very similar melodies . some people say this album is heavy , which it is in some parts . but its melodic death , there are no signs of thrash or anything . just great melodies , great headbanging music . add this to your collection , i think its better than sweet vengeance 
software neg 217.txt i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered . 
camera neg 759.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
dvd neg 249.txt if you love well written stories , great plots and captivating acting then this movie is not for you . i do n't know how the producer managed to swindle precious investor dollars to get this tripe made into a movie , however there it is ! it was so boring and so badly done that after the first 1 hour and 45 minutes i had to turn it off . i do n't even want to know how it ended . the cast line up was great ! that 's the only ' positive ' comment i can make with regards to this movie . do not watch it . do not hire it . do not believe anybody who thinks it is good . the two lesbians who made love even did that scene poorly ; get this , it was done in the missionary position ! avoid this movie 
music pos 619.txt throb was my introduction to jazz back in ' 69 or ' 70. i have listened to it all of these years on lp then cd , and it never lost its charm . steve swallow was just as nutty then as he is now , " chickens " is my favorite cut . the play between electric violinist richard greene and guitarist jerry hahn is a thing of beauty . hahn is still a player who can put just the right note in just the right place ( like that other countrified genius of jazz bill frisell ) , he can fuzz and wah-wah then tinkle the strings just right to make his musical point . one interesting thing is the organ playing by burton on throb , besides his vibes . the jarrett-burton album also has hahn and swallow , and drummer bill goodwin - -it is very much an album that shows all the new ideas sprouting in music . fortunately , the ideas of that time did not die out , but have continued to grow , making room for all sorts of fusions in jazz , many of which have been remarkable to experience . these two-lps-in-one is like having a superstar album before they became superstars . as i said before , i still play this cd after almost 35 years , and i still get a kick out of it , and still find things that amaze me 
music pos 960.txt if you have never heard book of shadows by zakk wylde , then you may be suprised by this album . the two albums are similiar in that they contain a lot more acoustic guitar , and although i 'm not saying that past releases have not contained emotion , hm vi contains more . for example , take ' she deserves a free ride ' and the ballad ' fear' . the piano on this album is superb , haunting at one point and almost relaxing at another . however , there is just enough of past ' metal ' bls in this album - ' crazy or high ' and ' house of doom' . personal favourites are ' damage is done ' , ' layne ' and ' queen of sorrow' . there is something more in the solo 's - they come in at just the right time and as usual are perfectly executed - check out ' stepping stone ' for an example . the musicianship has got even better on this album , with the dodgy drums on 1919 eternal gone , and the bass that was pushed to the background in the blessed hellride is up there with zakk 's playing . this album is deep , moving piece that is the perfect successor to the blistering blessed hellride . ca n't wait for the new mafia cd to be released . 
books pos 292.txt after purchasing many dog training manuals and finding them not quite up to snuff , i was very pleased to finally find a book which was comprehensive and authoritative . it breaks each area of the sport down and is easy to follow . the book is intelligently written 
health pos 820.txt i am a big fan of 2 " curling irons , but they can be difficult to find . my last one ( different brand ) wore out a couple years ago and i had a hard time finding a replacement until now . i have shoulder length hair , fairly thick , plus wavy and frizzy . 2 " curling irons do a great job of smoothing and straightening my hair , while also turning it under ( or up , if desired ) at the ends for a nice , finished look . i find it much easier and faster than using a traditional flat / straight iron while achieving superior results . you will not get " curl " with this curling iron . you will get smooth hair quickly and easily . highly recommended 
dvd pos 8.txt julia plays a struggling mother trying to make ends meet and then she gets a job and takes on a giant corporation in a court of law.julia manages to extract a lot of information fom people mainly through her mammary glands and the benefits of a wonderbra but that is just about all that this movie has going for it . i give this film 5 stars because julia does look pretty attractive in it at most times 
dvd pos 805.txt whenever i think of the second world war , the two places i usually think about in terms of carnage is the eastern front ; and the war between nazi germany and soviet russia . the other is the pacific campaign between the usa and japan . one of the reviewers wrote , " i 'm glad the russian won . " so am i . and what a bloody war it was . the number of casualties and amount of destruction make what occurred in the others parts of the globe [except asia] seem pale in comparison . the russians suffered greatly at the hands of the germans , and the german army paid one hell of a steep price . also , it was in the east where the germans committed some of the most horrendous atrocities known to mankind . it was in the east where extermination camps were set up to murder millions of jews : the german program of the ' final solution . ' everything i have ever read about the second world war concerning the eastern front is one of brutality on a scope that is horrifically mind-boggling . it 's as if life were cheap and each day may have been the last . this documentary does a very decent job in attempting to address the fighting between these two armies . from barbarossa to berlin , it is one of the best documenatries out there . at least for the 200 minutes that the film devotes to the eastern front . i do n't believe this is the definitive documentary , as more and more information is being released now that the soviet union is no more . but for now , i highly recommend this film . [stars : 4.5] 
health pos 477.txt this product gives your hair great volume without looking greasy . ( be careful not to use too much ! ) it works best if you have a little time to diffuse your hair with a blow dryer ! not surprisingly , when i use curl conscious many people will compliment the curls and the depth it adds to my hair : ) i wish it would combat frizz a little more , but my hair is less frizzy when i use it . i guess the next thing i 'll try is the bumble and bumble frizz fighter 
music pos 376.txt great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc. 
health pos 842.txt these wipes are great . i have three children and have used the pampers , huggies , and house-brand wipes . the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done . house-brand do n't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough . the pampers are thin , soft , and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin , they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100% useage ( unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver ) . definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said . if you want something moister , go get a paper towel and wet it with water 
software neg 27.txt by reading the cover i thought it would be a great product to have . it indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without . games - bowling game is actually a teaser version . you can play only two lanes . others cost you extra . two other games are not exciting . themes and screen savers are mediocre . i liked the analog convertor but not too much . if you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . alas it does n't convert to mp3 format . also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed . dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . i liked ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing . bottom line - i do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week . 
health pos 905.txt i am a former general nutrition center employee and there are hundreds of " powdered " protein products that " hype " about the most important ingredient known for any person that works out . if you want a simple great tasting protein supplement that will help satisfy your daily intake without feeling sick , bloated or passing gas , then you need to trust in optimum nutritions 100% whey protein . it truly gives you the results you need as far as quality and nutrition goes . i strongly recommend 2% milk over water for even better taste , but water will still do the trick . if you buy vanilla , i suggest mixing it with berries , bananas , strawberries , or bananas for added taste . this is by far the best protein supplement out there that is worth more for your money 
camera neg 603.txt dsc series camera all have a ccd imager defect that will leave screen blank after you use the camera for 2 or 3 years . ( do a google search . you will find out what happened . ) sony knew this problem years ago . but refuse to fix it . they will wait until the camera fail and then charge you $300 to fix it . that 's what happens to my dsc-f717. ever wondering why dell , hp etc all recall sony battery for laptop , but sony did not recall their own laptop battery ? sony will never fix their own problem . we the customer have to pay for their mistake . 
software pos 772.txt do n't expect to receive this by christmas even though it says " in stock " . i ordered this on dec. 14th and just received word today , the 20th , that it is not expected to ship until the end of january , early february . so if you need it for a specific occasion , do n't count on it getting there in time 
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other 
books pos 288.txt i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy 
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . " 
health pos 788.txt nv diet pills are working great for me - i lost 8lbs in a month ! ! ! they work as long as you eat healthy and exercise regularly while taking the pills . it is n't a miracle pill so if you take it but eat nonstop all day and do n't work out , of course nothing is going to happen . they really do control hunger because i take 2 a day and one day i was busy and forgot to take my 2nd pill and i was starving looking to eat anything and everything in sight 
dvd neg 307.txt js concert was the most boring thing i have ever seen on dvd ! my cat was more interested in watching it then i was , and that was only because of jessica 's frilly costumes ! the sound system stank ! i was expecting her voice to echo like crazy . all of jessica 's songs were about expressing her love for nick . this dvd is so boring i 'm falling asleep just trying to figure out what to say about it . oh yeah...her vocals were too breathy , that pink thing she wore looked like a flamingo caught in a shredder , and she should have left take my breath away alone ! nick did n't take her breath away she took his when she decided to walk out of their marriage ! nick will be siniging i 'm taking half away ! , and jessica will be singing i should have prenup 
books neg 760.txt have to agree with earlier post , book looks nice and clear but numerous errors make actually using ( vs. just browsing ) the material very difficult . 7th edition adi section has numerous mislabed equations , incorrect data values , unfortunate . suggest look elsewhere for a numerical analysis book 
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today . 
music neg 720.txt the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring . 
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's 
music pos 930.txt i have been listening to this album for at least 12 years and it rarely leaves my cd changer . i played the cassette version until it literally would not play any more , and it was one of the first cds i bought . a relative first introduced me to this album and of course & quot ; coming up close&quot ; was the reason i bought my own copy . but i came to love each song and appreciate aimee mann as an exceptionally gifted songwriter . it is a great & quot ; road trip&quot ; album and & quot ; on sunday&quot ; makes the perfect & quot ; summer song&quot ; . the mix is not mainstream pop / rock . it is not a 1980 's anthem , but it is one of the defining moments , for me . the lyrics have meaning , which sometimes defies what the ' 80 's were about . the only other thing i can say is listen to this cd ! i am sure you will find mann 's unique voice as captivating as i do . it is a definite must have for one 's cd library 
health neg 345.txt i purchased this prior to surgery thinking it would be great for recovery . however , the " nature sounds " only worked the first time i turned it on . after that , despite changing batteries , etc. , the sounds never came back again . i would n't recommend this purchase 
software pos 20.txt i really enjoy the nancy drew games . they can be done as a senior detective with fewer helps or as a junior detective with a check list of things that need to be done . the check list continues to update as you move through the game . i look forward to each new game as it comes out and ca n't leave the computer until they are done 
books neg 923.txt by chance before picking this up i had just finished the heart is a lonely hunter by carson mccullers , and was struck by the similarities and differences . it 's a great " compare and contrast " pair , as an exercise for high-schoolers . both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary . heart published in 1940 , and castle in 1948 , both about life in the 30s . both families are poor . in castle though , there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs . this is supposedly because they " do n't know how to do anything " . so instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter . how charming ! they are " eccentric " , which seems enough in the author 's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves . only stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper , enamored of cassandra , does work and gives the family his entire salary . but he is of the class that is expected to toil after all . even he is rewarded in the end- -able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum topaz- -striking poses . unlike the looming and grinding poverty of heart then , the poverty in the castle never amounts to more than a lark- -educated folks playing at being poor until they 're rescued by romantic circumstance . not so in america where mick kelly , who did n't know how to do anything either , went off to work at woolworth 's , and to a life of little hope . in castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina , the inheritance . two dashing young wealthy americans one of whom has inherited the castle , show up just in time , with their chatty modern mum . they throw money around and talk too much , in the cliched extravagant american style . most of the remainder of the novel consists of cassandra and her sister rose swooning over one brother or the other , with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being . it 's all so very charming , bourgeois , and harmless . if your life is hard do n't worry- -a man will show up to rescue you ! the reviews for this novel in amazon are overwhelmingly positive . smith was obviously talented . her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read . i wish she had given cassandra a little more ambition . 
music neg 374.txt the people who have mentioned aphex twin and four tet have clearly never listened to either of these artists . if you liked the stone roses you will like this . it 's not an ' electronic ' album at all . i 've ordered manitoba 's earlier cd after listening to the samples ( the reason for purchasing both these albums ) and i certainly hope it sounds nothing like ' up in flames' . it 's funny , i promised myself i would never buy an album again without listening to it and yet it seems that samples on the net can be misleading , either that or dan snaith has had a serious identity crisis in the last few years 
health neg 369.txt you were kind enough to replace my first order of these razors due to the fact that one never worked and the other wore out quickly . the second pair seems to be pretty much the same . one sputs and spurts and the other works only when i shake and tap it several times . i used to own another brand of these razors that were great , but i ca n't recall the name , unfortunately . i am very disappointed in the product , but i 'm very satisfied with amazon and the way in which they are trying to please me every way they can 
health pos 989.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are 
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far ! 
dvd pos 271.txt i had never watched this film before ordering it , so i took the chance . it turned out to be a smart buy ! as usual , peck is just awesome . he seems to fit this role well , as if it captures a true part of his persona as a family man . as the movie continues you realize that you can relate to the character on a personal level . i enojoyed the flashback sequences and thought they were placed well throughout the film . overall , this movie supplies drama and action for the viewer . so , if you are considering purchasing this dvd , i 'd suggest you buy it . you 'll enjoy it 
music pos 49.txt nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more 
health pos 587.txt this has helped my wife and i to lower our cholesterol . i take it in conjunction with red yeast rice extract ( this must be taken at night ) because my numbers are very high . my wife 's numbers are right on borderline . we took blood tests before and after using it and have seen great improvements . my numbers went down 37 points in a few months and my wife 's numbers went down about half of mine . ( i also take double the dose she does . ) it 's a great way to keep healthy , naturally . my father-in-law started using it and has seen improvements , also . his dangerous psa numbers ( prostrate ) even dropped radically . we do n't know if that was due to the fish oil-but he believes it was . his dr . said he 'd never seen numbers drop that much . we tell just about everyone we know about it . 
music pos 260.txt kate is one of the most talented musicians on this earth . the dreaming was underrated when it was first released , but i think that has to do with the fact that it was way ahead of its time . this is a superb album , tracks like sat in your lap , suspended in gaffa , leave it open , night of the swallow , houdini , and get out of my house proving this point . there 's lots of anger on this album , as kate put it herself many years ago , and it is her " darkest " effort to date , but it 's pure brilliance ! buy it and be convinced.... . 
books neg 204.txt this book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook ( certainly by european standards ) . but the physical packaging is a total disaster . it has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins . it is difficult to read text near the spine , and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page . the most unuseable book i 've ever experienced 
health pos 751.txt tis is the best joint supplement i have found on the market . thank you amazon for carrying it 
music pos 942.txt i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : - 
dvd neg 299.txt musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either . rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any " doll " , " dame " or " mouse ? " , would fall for either of these gals . anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie 
health neg 124.txt i bought this item and returned it after it stopped working after two days . the massages were not that strong and i feel it was not a good buy even though the price at amazon was way lower than most places . i have since bought another product and it is much nicer 
dvd pos 680.txt my whole family ( ages 7-68 ) greatly enjoyed all the horatio hornblower movies together . they are well made and great entertainment- -a very acessible way to learn about the napoleonic wars . it gives the viewers a real sense of how highly held personal honor and integrity used to be . we ca n't wait for a&e to continue the series 
dvd neg 424.txt this movie made no sense to me whatsoever . it was n't really funny and it was n't scary . the only thing that i got was that he killed zombies or " returners " as he called theme . and was upssed with one . i have to admit the female lead in the film was hot . but that was the only good thing in the film . it was also boring . but if you are into forgin fright films this is the movie for you 
dvd neg 115.txt i just watched this movie version of the classic childrens ' book with my wife . here are my gut impressions : first , very little is true to the book . that 's not really a gut impression . that 's the impression i got hearing my wife say " that 's not in the book...that 's not in the book.. . " actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling . it makes for beautiful stills and pictures , and those made me want to see the movie . i expected a heart warming christmas story , and what i got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why i 'm watching . you get to see.. . a kid chasing a ticket through a train , a kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train , a ticket making its way through the forest - - rube goldberg style - - back to the train , ( forty minutes into this movie and one girl 's train ticket is the star of the show ! ) ok , the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have.. . a train sliding out of control on the ice , a train trying to outrun cracks on the ice , a train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster ( fans of the " coaster tycoon " series of computer games will feel right at home ) until finally it arrives at the north pole . then , the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have.. . a train car running out of control through santa 's village , kids getting lost in the christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory , and then.. . kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to santa 's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf . ho ho ho . at least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so i can help these kids out ! it 's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion . you know it 's awful but you ca n't look away ! and , you 'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this . it could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up . my wife and i were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons , and we were very glad that we didn't . so , what could have been a classic , enduring , and endearing compliment to a classic childrens ' christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume . two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that does n't advance the story or develop the characters one bit . whatever a " character driven " story is , this is the opposite . never have i seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little . i 'd rather set up my old american flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while i read the book to my kids . 
dvd pos 439.txt based on bizet 's tragic spanish opera , this was rita hayworth 's first film made by her production company , beckworth ( derived from her screen surname and from the name of her daughter , rebecca ) . she decided on her close friend and favorite leading man , glenn ford , as don jose to her carmen . the results are far better than some reviews would have you believe . the glorious , lush techincolor is fabulous ( studio-bound as most of the sets may be ) , while hayworth 's unforgettable screen presence , dancing and bewitching beauty , and the heat generated between her and ford makes this movie memorable . the sequence in which she describes what virtues a lover should have ( complete with putting her finger to his lips ) sparkles with sensual static . granted , ford looks stiff and ill at ease in his uniform ( after he sheds his soldier garb and dons his " bandit clothing " , he appears much more relaxed ) . if it is deemed worthy enough to be released as part of the columbia classics collection , so should " affair in trinidad " , another hayworth / ford collaboration . it 's just great to look at , flaws aside . if you adore rita and glenn , even in a tempestuous , volatile romance , this movie will provide that for you . was there ever a more enticing , tempestous gypsy with so many men in her life but only one true and ultimately tragic love ? 
books pos 969.txt i bought this as i 'm beginning to study judaism in my spiritual journey . the book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays . there are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations . i 'm also very pleased with this since it 's in a paragraph format ( as someone who 's only read the " hebrew bible " as part of the old testament i like the ease of reading with the paragraph format ) . highly recommende 
camera pos 560.txt i have been using the fuji e550 for almnost two years , with none of the problems that have been reported by some of the reviewers . here are the negatives : 1 ) the flash has mediocre range and is a little finicky . if you do n't depress the shooting button all the way , it may not flash . 2 ) in bright light , the screen on the back is unusable - it washes out the image . but the camera has a fine viewfinder so this is not really a major issue . the positives : 1 ) it takes great pictures . really excellent . 2 ) it 's small , and easy to carry . 3 ) the controls are well thought out and positioned on the camera body . very easy to use . 4 ) it has several automatic modes - sports , landscapes , portrait , etc , or you can use it on manual . i always use one of the programmed modes . 5 ) the video option is not bad at all - my twelve year old ( now 13 ) uses it . i was so pleased with this camera i bought one for my administrative assistant about ten months ago , and she is very happy with it . at it 's current price i think this camera is a bargain . only reason i did n't give it five stars is because of the weak flash . 
music neg 619.txt i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd 
music neg 471.txt i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them . 
camera neg 280.txt the look and feel of this camcorder is very good . unfortunately my camcorder use is limited to low light indoor activities . for example , evening party , indoor school activities , kid drama and orchestra . this camcorder is not at all suitable for these activities . earlier i had a sony dcr trv140 , which was way better than this camcorder . this camcorder has a very small sensor and hence such a low price . one easy guide to evaluate the sensor size is to look at the optical zoom . most of the camcorders with more than 10x optical zoom has small sensors . these large optical zoom camcorders will perform poorly in low light . if you are planning to use this camcorder in low indoor light , i do not recommend it . 
camera neg 151.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
music pos 936.txt i own a lot of waylon jennings albums but i have to say , i find myself playing this one on 9 out of 10 times . if you want to buy just one waylon album this is the one to own , the recording quality is brilliant for a live album and the music is alive . simply great , i ca n't say enough good things about this cd 
music neg 569.txt garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator . 
music neg 58.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
dvd neg 399.txt i just finished watching das boot . to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous . where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war , u-571 is just more hollywood tripe . if you just want ' splosions and escapism , i guess u-571 does the trick . if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come , go with das boot 
dvd neg 79.txt i loved these guys as a kid . this collection sucks ! ! ! do n't buy it ! the first 3 dvd 's are silent and the 5th dvd is a reunion show . the grand total for shows you can actually watch is 4. take your time and search out the specific shows and characters you love and get them individually . if i could get my money back i would run to the nearest post office and return this item asap ! ! 
music pos 404.txt as a collector of musical scores , i thoroughly enjoyed this selection . it is rated as one of my favorites . but i must warn that if you do not like instramental style music , then this is n't for you . but if you are then this is a must 
software pos 412.txt do n't listen to the whinnier . if you are serious about improving your focus and memory skills , this helps . you must use this program for 15 minutes everyday or you will be wasting your time and money . it is worth the effort ! i noticed immediate results of being able to retain more info and having more focus at work . i also purchased the music cd 's produced by the same company . they are helpful as well . i use them at work , at home , and in the car . the brain builder booklet mentions the cd's . if you want to stop looking stupid because you ca n't remember information or you 're tired of getting lost while driving , this will help you 
music neg 965.txt my wife got this cd for me because i like the music from the movie cast away . she saw the words & quot ; cast away&quot ; in large and prominent print . she saw the picture of tom hanks , very large . she assumed it was the soundtrack for the movie and not just the 10th track of 10 on the cd . in hindsight she should have read the entire panel on the cd . i guess the producers of this cd did n't think the rest of the music could stand on its own and so they deceptively packaged it this way figuring most people would n't waste time returning it . if you had it listed in the rate column , i would give it a negative rating instead of just the one star 
health neg 959.txt this product is difficult to use and does not clearly cover the scratches on the lenses as advertised . there are bubbles in the product that do not clear up as it dries . i do not recommend this ! just get new glasses 
music neg 773.txt these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat.. . whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere . 
books neg 906.txt this book does cover alot of information not needed for clep , but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep . i wanted to ensure i was prepared for the clep , so i purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments . although , they were right about the obscurity , this book still taught me alot . you do n't necessarily need it , but if you want to be prepared , this book will not hurt your bank account that much . i also recommend the complete itiots guide to american literature ( 5 stars , check out the reviews ) , and the internet . that is all you need 
books pos 983.txt i have been procrastinating in upgrading our website so i figured i 'd read a few books.. . a great way to procrastinate some more . well marcia writes in a step by step practical way , creating a marketing foundation first then getting to the beef . i 'm now educated and inspired , have a notebook full of notes and ideas that i 'm actually implementing . it 's getting done . i 'm actually recommending this book to friends who are redoing their marketing message since the first two chapters do that so well.. . great book , not heavy , beefy info 
software pos 627.txt well if you are you will love this game ! i recommend it to anyone who loves the show ! fun game-easy to use interface . i say go get your copy now ! ! 
books neg 640.txt i have n't done this in awhile , but i do n't think i could review this piece any better than the other reviews i 've read about it . it 's pretty average , however filled with nice bits of knowledge . they did n't seem well-researched in some areas . here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other " critics " that i agree with.. . " they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences...would be enough . " - john gallant " biased against superheros ( sic ) " - christopher ritter " i found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas . " - c.p. halliday " i picked up this book . " - lawrance m. bernabo " their belief seems to be that donald duck was the best comic book ever.. . " - m.g. bloedorn " pretty boring . " - bernardz " ...a black hole is hypothesized , lending a faint respectability to the premise behind green lantern 's abilities . " - peter vinton jr. " ...this book will not satisfy full on fans.. . " - james n . simpson & lt ; - --gave it five stars . " a chance to laugh about the heroes i still love and that mean so much to me . " - reviewer " man , there 's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing , cranky-old-maid kind of stuff ! " - mark alfred " they were even putting words into c . darwin 's mouth . " - aaron spriggs " mildly entertaining but not great " - reviewer " when the man ( dean koontz in this case ) writing the introduction says he does n't read comics , i began to get worried . " - ivan a . wolfe " i agree with an earlier poster . " - reviewer " almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . " plastic larry " the authors give us a more plausible ( given what we know now ) origin for the hulk , involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification . " - j . draper carlson " this book is not mean spirited or nasty . " reviewer " superman 's powers break the laws of science . ooh . stop the presses . " - [...] " interesting . " - rick hunter " the science of superheroes , " - reviewer 
software neg 528.txt we have kid pix 3 and my kids ( 4 & 6 ) played it all the time . we just " upgraded " to kid pix 4 , and my initial experience has prompted me to write this warning . kid pix 4 runs in 800x600 resolution but it wo n't force your screen resolution to match that when it runs . kid pix 3 , of course , did . as we are using a lcd monitor with native resolution of 1280 x 1024 , we obviously want to keep the desktop running in this resolution . so now we are faced with 2 options : 1 ) use kid pix 4 with a drastically reduced window ( the drawing and toolbars are in a box surrounded by a huge black screen with the file menus at the very top ) or 2 ) adjust the resolution manually every time someone wants to run or exit the program . i find this unacceptable . customer support is non-existent : if you bought it retail , the learning company wo n't answer your questions and refers you to encore 's website . no patches are available and encore has no way to actually contact them . their faq simply explains how to go to your desktop and adjust your screen resolution to 800x600. i think this huge oversight and lack of any patch to simply fix the problem speaks volumes for the quality of this release . boo to encore , boo to tlc for allowing their " brand " to be junked , boo to broderbund . do n't waste your time 
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great 
health pos 517.txt i took " my " unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ? 
books neg 314.txt i bought bead fantasies and bead fantasies ii at the same time after reading the positive reviews ; i wish i had looked at these books before buying . there are pretty motifs that i will incorporate into my beading projects but i find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small . i 'm glad this is n't my first beading book or i would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects . i wo n't be buying bead fantasies iii . the art and elegance of beadweaving and coraling technique remain my favorite beading books . 
books neg 154.txt i had heard of the importance , and significance of " the education of henry adams " for a long time . i finally determined i needed to read it . i acutally read it twice , and found less in it the second time than the first . i am sorry i missed the greatness of this book . i am sure there was something wrong with me , but i found it to be incredibly unimpressive . perhaps this came from the fact that henry adams was not a likeable man . he was famous for holding court in his home near the white house , and making caustic and negative comments about every president who lived there . granted , he lived in washington at a time when there were plenty of second-rate occupants of the white house . but the thought of people wasting their time trying to please a blue-blooded snob like adams depresses me . why did anyone bother ? he lived in an atmosphere of snobbery , sharp-tongues , clever remarks , and brilliant conversation . the world went on without him , truth be told , and he contributed less than the people who walked by his house each day . he was a very good historian in his time . but who reads his books now ? not very many . in short , his own work was not as long-lasting as he would have wanted it to be . maybe the influence of some of the presidents he mocked lasted longer than the published and purchased work of henry adams . " the education of henry adams " does not have much real information . he got education in one place , none in others . surely , the suicide of his wife provided some very painful education for henry- -but he wrote nothing about it in his book . when eric sevareid wrote " not so wild a dream , " it was compared to " the education of henry adams . " that was meant as a compliment . oddly , i think sevareid 's book is much , much better . sevareid wrote of america , the common man , the war , and what it all meant to him . adams needed to get out more . he did not see america- -not the america built by the common citizen who put it all together , and defended it . i gained a trememdous amount from sevareid . i cannot say the same for the work of henry adams . again , a lot of this might be me . perhaps i read the book at a bad time . maybe i needed to read it a third time . i do not know . i do know i do not think this is a great american classic . forgive , please , my ignorance . 
books pos 890.txt in 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the united states was $19 , 806. 37 million people in the us live at or below this level . ron sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth . in just generosity , sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in america . and it is a compelling vision . sider 's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society 's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals . both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty . drawing upon biblical study , sider presents the goal of an economy of justice : " every person or family has access to productive resources ( land , money , knowledge ) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community " ( 81 ) . sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare , minimum wage , tax credits , health care , and education reform , showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work , empower the poor , and strengthen families . sider ends with this troubling question : do enough christians really care ? this book should be required reading for any that do . 
software pos 282.txt i run two websites using this program , easy learning curve , i recommend it to all my newbie friends that need a simple , workable program . ignore the crittics , this is a nice program.only wish in batch editing i could do multiple web page saves . 
books pos 876.txt i found the first book , faerie wars , pretty interesting so i decided to read this one . in many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense , mystery and a bit of romance . i 'll have to admit , i finished the book pretty quickly because i got hooked onto it and did n't want to put it down . there were many twists and turns of the plot , and it was practically impossible to guess what would happen next at times . i did , however , find the ending a tad abrupt . it was such a shame to finish the book without any more information on pyrgus , mr. fogarty , henry or blue . but overall the book was an excellent one.... . it will certainly capture your interest 
music neg 108.txt any group that is so lacking in imagination that it has to steal as unusual and distinctive a song title as " boulevard of broken dreams " ( a 1934 hit song ) deserves to be ridiculed , not rewarded with a grammy . i 'm just full of original ideas . i ca n't decide whether to write a song called " wake me up before you go-go " or " grandma got run over by a reindeer " - or maybe " do you know the way to san jose " ? 
camera pos 345.txt case is pretty much what you see...i have no complaints . = ) the case protects my camera very well 
software neg 144.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. . 
camera neg 646.txt very good product very satisfied , the night vision is great clarity is very good and portability is awesome plus the price is even bette 
books neg 229.txt i had to read this book for a political theory class in college . after talking with several other members i was happy to find out that i do not have the reading skills of a third grader...benhabib goes out of her way to use vocabulary words that most educated people are not familiar with . the book is also not organized well . in order to really understand this book you will have to read it while taking notes . points that could be grouped together for arguments are scattered throughout entire chapters and even the whole book . benhabib may have used her vocabulary and lack of organization as tools to hide that the points she makes are not very well argued . throughout much of the book benhabib is trying to shoot down the theories of john rawls and other theorists to support her views on migratory rights . to be honest , i disagree with her views and admit that i might have found her organization and vocabulary more tolerable if i agreed with her . still , i do not have a problem with her making these claims if she did so logically . much of her work is based on telling the reader why other people are wrong and she will use theories she supposedly already disproved in one arguement to justify her later arguments for disagreeing with other theories . in short , i do not think anyone would want to read this book for pleasure , or intellectual curiosity . if you have to read the rights of others for a class , i extend my condolences . 
music pos 343.txt even though gary allen is a country singer , he rocks as an artist ! he has a vein of rock mixed in with his deep country voice . this man 's voice is so smooth , he could melt butter along with any woman 's heart . guys will like him too , but he 's a crooner , his ballads touch women ( sigh ! ) and make men want to emulate him . i enjoyed every song on this cd , but my personal favorites are : tough little boys , and songs about rain , both beg to be sang along with 
health pos 618.txt i have had this straightener for a while , and i still have no complaints about it . it is an affordable option for those looking for a pretty good straightener . i love the heat settings.. . i only need to put mine on the second setting ( 338 degrees ) for it to do a good job , and i have very thick wavy / curly hair . i like the 1 " because it allows me to flip out the ends of my hair , but i 'm sure the 2 " one is great too 
camera neg 104.txt this camera will probably go down in nikon 's history as one of its most over-priced and disappointing cameras . i bought mine through amazon from calumet in january 2003. from the start , the colors never looked right , especially the ghastly magenta-toned skin tones . i also bought the sb800s ( 3 of them ) , thinking the cls would be a great addition . but the system uses ir and is unreliable in any situation except very tight environments . the camera has a wonderful feel , viewfinder and reasonably good controls . but the results are disappointing . the sensor is undersized for this class of camera and considering what its competition ( canon ) offers . nikon finally realized this and on dec. 13 decided to dump all these cameras by lowering the price $1 , 200. it just so happened mine was in melville , n.y. , with a long list of issues to be repaired while it was still under warranty . these include bad af performance since upgrading to v2 of the firmware , bad color , overexposure , blurry images with the vr lens and inconsistent color balance from frame to frame even when using a preset value . i would strongly suggest that you do n't buy this camera and thereby reward nikon for producing an inferior product originally sold at a ridiculous price for what it offers . indeed , forget nikon and go to canon 
dvd pos 662.txt one could review kingdom of heaven on a lot of levels ... as an action packed medieval adventure / romance ... as a vehicle for some of your favorite actors ... or as a statement about humanity 's less than perfect attempts to find spiritual meaning in life in a way that does n't lead to warfare with people of differing points of view . i was expecting mostly the first two ... and was pleasantly surprised to find a reasonable amount of the third . my favorite quote from the movie summed up a powerful feeling i 've had about spirituality for some time now : " god will understand , my lord . and if he does n't , then he is not god and we need not worry . " why people so infrequently ask themselves whether the god they believe in really makes sense to their hearts or not , i do n't know . and when i heard these words coming from the screen , i realized " someone out there understands ... we do n't find god in books or doctrine or sermons ... we know god in our hearts , or not at all " . this character looked to his heart and knew ... god will understand ... and anyone who does n't is surely not god , no matter what someone else might claim . and if you loved the movie , you 'll enjoy this dvd ... it 's a classy widescreen handling of a film that 's visually rich and deserves to be seen in it 's cinematic format . with gorgeous scenery and delightful characters and costuming , i ca n't imagine watching such a visually appealing film in less than wide screen form . 
health neg 152.txt i also had the heater on mine go out after a few short months . i really loved this machine though ! it actually blew air ! and it has the nice safe switches unlike the toggles that most have now . i had one of those previously and my cats turned it on while i was gone and almost burned the place down . so anyway , i 'm trying to contact the manufacturer , but i doubt it will do any good . too bad . loved it while it worked . hoped it was a fluke and was going to order another before i saw the reviews 
health neg 335.txt my braun thermoscan has given me nothing but trouble . yes this ear thermometer is easy to use . you just have to stick it into the canal correctly . not hard . what i do n't like is you can stick it in the same ear , the same way , 6 different times and get very different readings . everytime i have gone to use my thermometer , the battery would be dead . you have to use the special medical circular batteries , so of course i would never have any handy . then i got smart and started stocking up on the batteries . they are expensive . and everytime i would use it i 'd have to put in a fresh new battery . this also needs the disposable ear covers in order for it to work . yes there is a trick to getting around it but then your thermometer is n't sanitary . finding the covers was sometimes easy and sometimes impossible . i have just never been happy with it . yes it 's easier than the oral.. . but i found one even better . try the temporal artery thermometer . you can use that one on a sleeping child 
dvd neg 83.txt george clooney and quentin tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time . it 's sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho tough guys . this whole flick is akin to getting a gift-wrapped package wrapped in the fanciest wrapping paper.. . problem is , as is often the case with tarantino and robert rodriguez , ai n't nothin ' inside the package . get it ? these guys like the worst movies and have managed to become the makers of some of the worst movies ever . the word shallow comes to mind . there is nothing there , and i doubt that there ever will be . however , having said that , i must give credit where credit is due : juliette lewis , the talented juliette lewis , is terrific as usual . good to see harvey keitel do his thing , same goes for fred williamson , the rarely seen michael parks ( this guy , by the way made some terrific country-type records back in the 60's --and we wish he 'd do more . he 's up there with merle haggard in my humble opinion ) and , last but not least , the beautiful salma hayek is also in this , although she hardly does enough . she still had the curves back then . in addition to the above , we could have done without all the obvious and crappy cgi effects at the end . the stuff just does n't work ; never did . by the way , the documentary full -tilt boogie is way better than the main feature . 
health neg 75.txt this device is useless for monitoring pulse during activity . one must be absolutely still for the meter to get a clear signal . nor is it useful for monitoring resting pulse , as it seems unable to pick up a pulse unless the heart is pounding . at best , this device might manage to acurately read a pulse after a strenuous activity is concluded 
dvd pos 913.txt oh ! how i will never forget seeing the re-release of this film . it was in 1974 and i could not keep my eye 's from it.it is now 2006 and i still can't .what this movie is to me is a place in my heart and being a avid collector of films from the silents to the classics and obscure i find that very meaningful.if you have not seen 7th you are missing out . it truly is a funtastic film.i put this above jason and the argonauts for my reason alone ( i know i stand alone in this for jason has more monsters and the great ray harryhausen has said jason is his fav.along with many of his fans ) .what 7th has above jason for me is music ! a soundtrack to a film has always been a extra push to a film and the 7th voyage has that extra push on jason.bernard herrman 's score is so dreamlike you can close your eyes and leave 7th on and the music is trancelike especially the snake woman dance.please anyone who reads this have 7th voyage in your collection ( jason & the argonauts too for that matter ) .you wont be dissapointed i will always be grateful to have seen this on the big screen and never forget it , i hope when you watch ray harryhausen 's children and bernard herrman 's music come to life you too will not forget it.some say gone with the wind , wizard of oz casablanca , citizen kane , jaws , star wars ( 77 ) , superman ( 78 ) e.t. titanic , 2001 a space & pulp fiction.not me ! if i was on a island and could only have one film from my library ( ouch ! i have alot of films and alot i love ) but i would have to pick the seventh voyage.that would be the one for me on the island.and please let it be the isle of colossus . 
dvd pos 444.txt the series just keeps on getting better . the bob newhart show was one of the best comedies ever on television . the other funny show was " newhart " , which i cannot understand why it has not been released on dvd . the whole cast just clicks . i wish shows like this were still on television . if you enjoy a good laugh then buy this and the other sets ! 
health neg 863.txt the straightener works ok . it straightens my hair better when it is dry . i have very course hair . i still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out , and go over it a few times to really make it straight . the remington is to thick , so you can not style the hair at all with it . the worst part about this particular straightener is when i leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound ? ? i have to unplug it to make it stop . i just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this , it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice , but it straightens my hair the same as the remington . i have only had it a few weeks , so i am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners 
dvd neg 899.txt these are great films and the set is lovely . but boo to criterion anyhow for not sticking up for cassavetes scholar ray carney , whose name was removed from the set after months of work because of his feud with cassavetes ' widow gena rowlands . buy the dvd set , anyhow , you must , but go to the cassavetes pages , find carney 's links , and read his account of the troubles he 's had , trying to preserve and expose people to rare cuts of faces and shadows he himself tracked down.. . sorry to take sides - - gena rowlands probably has her own justifications for feeling as she does - - but i greatly admire carney 's contributions to keeping cassavetes ' memory alive and exposing people to his films ; he put an amazing amount of work into cassavetes on cassavetes , too . it sucks that he kind of got stiffed here . 
music neg 498.txt ( ... ) this cd is sub-par . most of the beats are cool , but they 're overlayed with too many cheesy lyrics 
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case 
health pos 678.txt shaves great wet or dry . i like it because it pivots real good . no cuts , it was worth every penny 
music pos 670.txt this arrived the other day , i pre ordered it . two of the greatest songwriters ever in my opinion . its about time this was available on cd and here it is . sounds great ! go get it for the collection 
dvd neg 246.txt ahhhh , what a great movie . i cry at the end every time . i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13. however , i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd . those who created it did not use the original film , but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version . there are many instances when this is evident , but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says , & quot ; i want to go back there&quot ; . when the scene opens , he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees . on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes . when i buy the widescreen , i want the whole movie , not less than the fullscreen vhs tape . bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . buy the vhs 
music neg 301.txt is n't wearing your ancestry on your sleeve so blatantly and in such a predictable fashion just a 21st century version of al jolson ? the problem with so many new-traditionalist artists is that they lessen rather than deepen the understanding of the complexity and diversity of the celebrated cultural groups experience . hippies and white liberals love it , but where does that leave those that are living it ? far better capturing the latina experience are julietta venegas , south of the border , and east la 's lysa flores , north of the border 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
camera pos 241.txt the balance with the grip on is really much better . yes i am aware there were problems with some earlier ones , but mine seems just fine ( knocking on wood as i type ) 
camera pos 591.txt the only two drawbacks to this lens are that it requires a huge amount of light to take quality photographs and it is relatively slow to autofocus , especially where there is not adequate light . aside from this it is a good but not great lens . it is probably worth the money that it cost , however , i believe that a better lens would be the 70 - 300 mm vr which costs about 4x the price of this lens 
software pos 869.txt this edition of the color calibration hardware and software is very professional - a fact that is reflected in the price tag . however , the difference between the uncalibrated and calibrated states on a television is very noticeable . the kit includes the colorimeter ( color measurement device ) with a usb connection . the assumption here is that a laptop or nearby desktop is available to calibrate the televisions . the software makes calibration extremely easy . it allows the user to select which color and picture controls the tv allows them to use ( not all televisions present the same controls , and even then , they often have different names ) and modifies its process accordingly . calibration takes approximately 30-45 minutes , but the results are undeniably an improvement . the kit comes in a sturdy plastic case with foam cutouts for the hardware and software ( much like a stargate sg-1 case for an alien device : - ) ) . while expensive , the software and hardware can be used on nearly anything that displays a picture - tvs of any kind and computer monitors - without limit . the one caveat is that , for lcd and other tvs or monitors with " delicate " screens , the suction cup provided to stick the colorimeter to the device requires a good deal of force . in fact , the force required is more than i am comfortable with applying to any display i have , except crts . as such , calibration requires one to either hold the colorimeter to the tv for each measurement ( not really a problem ) , or buy the tripod for the device . this is the only downside . this device is definitely of professional quality and is a must for any home theater enthusiast or the perfectionist in your household . it might even be possible to recover the cost of the unit by becoming a calibration technician.. . : - 
camera neg 635.txt i own the olympus fe-100 digital camera , and it came with unchargeable batteries ( oxyride ) . i switched to energizer batteries and bought an energizer 4-battery charger that can be had for less than the price of half a tank of gas . it 's not a quick charger like this one , but i say for less than half the investment , i 've got a charger that does the job . i would not spend this kind of money on a charger . so i say , if you 're part of the " gotta have it now " generation , you definitely pay for convenience . otherwise , charge your batteries more slowly ( 2-3 hours ) and save a lot of money 
camera neg 34.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
music pos 811.txt this cd reminds me once again why russian liturgical music is one of the treasures of the world : beautiful , profound , awe-inspiring , uplifting . for the most part , the pieces are well chosen and the performances excellent . i am delighted to see that many of the tracks are from the classic recording of the rachmaninoff vespers made in the early 1970s by the ussr ministry of culture chamber choir directed by valery polyansky , and released in the usa by angel-melodiya . i wore out my copy of the lp years ago ; although it has been reissued on cd , it 's out of print and very hard to find . so it is wonderful to see a generous selection from that recording available on this disk . listen to track 11 , " praise the lord o my soul " , sung by the chamber choir and mezzo irina arkhipova . you would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved as she sings " slava ghospidin " ( praise to the lord ) . and listen to how the basses descend to b-flat at end . it just does n't get any better than this 
music pos 193.txt after watching the movie walk the line , i wanted to hear more of johnny cash . all these years ( 35 of them ) i always thought he was just a slow folk singer . his music is non-stop foot tapping soul grabbing stuff . he toured with elvis presely and jerry lee lewis . he inspired musicians like bob dylan . i am so glad i bought this cd . it 's the best purchase i made all year . 
software neg 297.txt i use turbotax every year and i would e-file also . it says i can e-file for $16.95 and it even says that 's all it will cost on one of the last windows . then right before it is about to transmit it says $16.95 for federal plus $16.95 for state plus 2.5 percent what i owe to some " third party " company , thats $25 for each 1 , 000 you owe . if i 'm paying some third company to transmit my return than why am i paying turbotax to do it also ? so ok i 'll print it out and send it in . it wants to print out every worksheet and statement for a total of 53 pages . it no longer gives you the option to just print the pages you need . i am now cornered into paying the extra $90 to efile or go through the torture of printing out 53 pages in which i need only 5 or 6. dirty trick . it makes the total cost $130. it would of been cheaper and more efficent going to a good accountant . other than that the program has worked even easier than ever before 
health pos 449.txt initially the sensation made me giggle . after a couple uses i got used to the process and have even changed my initial thoughts that the whole timing idea was silly . my teeth feel cleaner , mouth fresher , and i 'm hopeful that i will no longer get the " floss " lecture from my dental team . now that 's something to smile about ! 
music pos 221.txt i wore out my tape of cypress . afoot is great , but cypress is amazing . i bought this while stationed in the army . there were n't too many " new wave " tapes available at the px , and i was n't going to listen to def leppard or bon jovi . so i bought cypress . one of those rare tapes that i bought 20 years ago and still listen to every few months ( the jam 's snap and setting sons , and the smith 's hatful of hollow are 3 other tapes i never tired of ) . get this cd . get it now ! it is great . thanks for reissuing it . 
software pos 988.txt my sister have been uesing it since i bought it for her and i think she like it 
camera neg 183.txt the powershot a520 on switch stopped working right after i started using the camera 
camera pos 968.txt after springing for the cybershot in august so i could have a compact camera i would actually take places , i 've been very , very pleased . the last camera i had was an older sony dsc that was quite bulky , ran on batteries , and had shutter problems- -but it took great quality pictures and the interface and features were perfect , so i thought i would go for the dsct5 , since it avoids all of those problems . only a tiny battery to charge , no sticky shutter.. . and it 's sexy as hell . the screen is huge and very bright . i hate taking pictures with flash in general , and i find that the flash makes nasty redeye more often than not with this camera . ( and the camera gives you the impression you cant change shutter speed or anything ) however ! you can easily change this by going into the over / under exposure options and under exposing your photos when you are in dark environments . they come out surprisingly well and blur-free 
software pos 511.txt super simple to install , and easy to use . this program gives you a real perspective of how you use your money . i created a " personal " account company . it does n't have to be for small business only , but will be handy if we decide to set up a small business in the future . the price was just right for our purpose . 
camera pos 973.txt i 've had this camcorder for a week now and i think it works great .. except for the touch screen feature . that takes a little getting used to .. especially when accessing the special features ( such as fader effects ) while filming . the digital still quality is poor when recording directly to the memory stick .. but the same images taken as a still from prerecorded tape is much clearer . all in all it is a good product .. just takes some getting used to 
software pos 486.txt kudos microsoft . my last go around with encare was with the 2004 version . at that time the program had a cluttered clusmey interface . the various modules were n't intuitive or intergrated and it was therefore , confusing and not partuiclarly user friendly . the new interface is quite simple but very powerful . it is well integrated with the web and therefore capable of constant updating . perfect for the student and anyone who likes to research topics . if you have not tried encarta in a while , check it out , there is much to like . 
music neg 265.txt i got this album because obie trice did some great stuff on the 8 mile soundtrack , so i figured i 'd check out what else he 'd done . this album just does n't live up to that . 
software neg 771.txt the software installation is buggy . it try 's to download the entire installation from the snapstream web site , even though there is a installation disk included . if your web connection fails the installation trashes your system and you will need to reinstall windows . i have windows xp sp2 with a flakey internet connection . although i am computer literate , after two attempts to install this product i have chucked the whole thing out the window . p.s. snapstream has no tech service department to speak of 
camera pos 58.txt very good rechargable battery pack.holds charge for a long time even if camera is not used much . capable of taking many shots with plenty of review time . very pleased with it 
dvd pos 586.txt as any visual footage on ike & tina turner is pretty scarce , i guess we may be thankful for this great dvd . their 1971-show being integrally covered by dutch television , it reveals ike & tina supported by a pretty good band and , last but not least , by the marvellous ikettes . all this at a time their performance must have been at its very peak . 
dvd neg 391.txt this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did . 
music pos 31.txt i was waiting for this cd for a very long time , i mean i love all greg 's album , they are intense , passionate , but amber headlights is giving me back the soul of the afghan whigs , somenthing i missed a lot for a long time . i love his voice , the way he sing , the way he loves his music . you can t explain the beauty of this cd , there are great rock-blues-love songs:the first time i heard " so thight " it makes me jump up and down my room ( i haven t done it for long time since black love " going to town " ) , then cigarettes ( what a great song , this time i only remember i was singing the chorus with " gentleman " in my hand ) , then " domani " that in italian means tomorrow , kind of greg 's jazz slow song in which his voice is so low that you can t even try to sing like that.then song after song i realized is the best cd i ever bought after so many years . if you don t know anything about afghan whigs and greg dulli then it is time to start to listen one of the best alternative artist of our time . 
music pos 916.txt i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed 
books pos 762.txt this book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate . it has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have , how much money you want to spend , etc. then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap 
dvd pos 114.txt i liked this movie when i first saw it and i seen it about 10 times.. . i like to watch any movie that involves gangs ( especially bloods & crips ) so i can learn from them.. . if you 're looking or are just a collector like me of gang movies.. . you may not want this one in your collection.. . becuase to me , it does n't show enough bloods & crips in it... . the characters are fictional....there are some minor gangs in it as well called the white fences ( latino / hispanic gang - i 've never heard of this gang , so i do n't know if they are true or not . ) . the actors who play the gang members of the white fences are good actors though.. . i think they are better then don cheadle and wayans who play crip members.. . this movie centers more on white fence and their rivalry w / crips.. . there 's not too much focus on bloods in here.. . it also more focuses on sean penn 's character and robert duvall too ( good cop / bad cop ) , and penn on how he falls in love w / a former gangmember woman in the white fence gang . colors is a good watch...i just wish it had more gang focus in it...and more gang sets ( chapters , i.e. eight tray gangsters , hoover , etc.. . ) if you 're looking for a good gang buy , buy the book " monster " by sanyika shakur a.k.a. monster kody scott , or " do or die " by leon bing . those 2 books far surpasses this movie. . 
software pos 385.txt when i was a kid , i religiously read many of the marvel comics . the avengers was one of my favorites . in my dreams i would have loved to have read all of the issues , but the expense would have been ( way ) too much . now , after so many years the opportunity is finally here . i was afraid that my youth would be too far removed to enjoy reading these anymore , but i took a chance and bought this dvd anyway . it was worth it - by a mile . i am enjoying reading each and every issue since the famed #1 as much as i would have as a kid . it will take a long time to get through them all , but i 'll enjoy every minute . stan lee , thank you for such a simple pleasure . great stuff for kids of all ages 
camera pos 3.txt this was the best item i ever bought for my camera . i do a lot of walking with my camera , and thought i would use it as a walking stick , which i do , but the best part of this monopod is what i never thought would happen . my pictures are never fuzzy ! i can take low light photos and have they come out clear . i paid very little for this item and would never be caught without it and my camera . the three levers on the bottom allow for quick expansion at all different lengths . the carrying case allows for this item to be packed next to my camera without it getting scratched 
health pos 895.txt the product was a gift for my mother who needs extra circulation in her feet . she loves it and it has helped increase the circulation 
music pos 412.txt wow ! i love this spykids movie way better than the first one . i think of the first one as an introduction for the characters and the sequel is the big adventure for all the cortezes and even more characters , like the giggleses . we met donnagon in the first movie , and he was the reason for the cortez parents to go on the mission . now we see that he has kids and we relize that he has bigger plans for the oss . and what about alexandra , the preisidants daughter ? she is the main reason we know about the transmooker device , right ? also grandma and grandpa cortez are joining us in this movie . i think robert rodregiuz did an execallent job on the sequel , spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams . ... the sequel is awesome ! ! ! ! 
music pos 236.txt what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic 
music pos 134.txt for those who have only heard the hits this is a fine addition for your collection . bruce and the boys were young and completely up to the task of handing out the long jams you find here . the title sums up the overall feeling of the songs . there 's a certain joy and a ton of fun to be had . put this on one nice warm spring day and see if it does n't lift your mood . caution : must be listened to while drinking a cold domestic beer 
dvd neg 642.txt this has always been a favorite film of mine . the story is old-fashioned yet fun and the cast is divine . despite having the vhs , i wanted more and ordered the dvd . beware ! this dvd claims on its packaging to have closed captioning , but it does not ! ! no subtitles in any language , no line 21 captioning . nor does it have anything else . " interactive menus " means scene selections . this plain vanilla release does n't even have a trailer . this film and cast deserves better and i see no reason lion 's gate reissued this dvd with nothing added . since i bought it online , i ca n't return it and neither lion 's gate nor artisan will take it back despite the error in labeling and false advertising which is not the fault of the people i bought it from 
health neg 307.txt i never received this item - - nor could i get a response from the company when i asked about it . my opinion - - rip off 
camera pos 331.txt excellent camera kit . versatile . i have a lot to learn about the camera , though , as it is no simple point-and-shoot . however , in auto mode , it takes great point-and-shoot pictures . i look forward to learning how to use it fully . lenses came with warranty cards , but the camera itself did not . i bought the sb-600 flash as well and another battery and two 1 gb compact flash cards to round out the kit . camera with lens attached is large , which i underestimated . $80 camera bag is too small for it all . great camera , though . price was the best i could find anywhere 
health pos 313.txt just received it and used it and can only say it is the greatest shaver ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the closest shave , no razor burn , fastest shave yet and very quite . thank you norelco for this great saver . j 
camera pos 958.txt very good camera . this was a present for my wife as she needed a new camera . she picked it out and liked that it came as a complete kit . directions can be hard to follow at times and could be printed larger . takes some getting used to . zoom lense works great and takes good pictures . where the on-off button is so close to the shutter , you have to be careful that you do n't accidentally shut the camera off . she is very satisfied with it . 
software neg 828.txt i bought this cd title b / c i wanted to learn how to play the guitar again . my decision to purchase this was based solely on all the amazon reviews that i perused beforehand . you can definitely learn to play the guitar with this , but there are so many other titles out there that are cheaper and more up-to-date . furthermore , there is nothing more annoying to me than hearing the instructor loudly singing the songs over the guitar strumming . his voice dominants in many parts of the lessons , and it deafens the sound of the guitar which makes it very difficult to hear the chords being taught . again , the software is good but may not be the best on the market . then again , i 've only purchased three titles , and this one offers a few things that the others do n't include 
software neg 444.txt this is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they offer 30 day trial on this product , i was n't happy and mailed it back to them in 5 days of purchase and i 'm still waiting for the refund . i have called them 3 times , it has been almost 4 months now without a refund . i would never buy a nova product from this company again and i would recomend everyone going somewhere else to get good customer service 
dvd neg 494.txt belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find . 
music pos 735.txt i was in walmart 's electronic area ( which is where you can usually find me ! ) and i saw the album . i heard unbelieveable and i was sold on that song but could n't find the single . the album on first listen was not my favorite , but after a while i started liking it . it is a great album and i 'm glad i bought it . talent is a virtue ! 
health pos 610.txt i am diabetic and i have been losing about 10 lbs per month for 6 months eating these bars as a between meal source of protein . they satisfy my taste for something sweet and are filling . 
music neg 854.txt no one questions lyrics born 's talent , which can be matched by few . his breakneck delivery will make you swear they sped him up in the studio , except then if you go see him do it live ( recommended : he is a charismatic performer ) you realize they didn't . the problem with this release is not , therefore , lyrics born himself . it 's just that there 's not enough interesting things happening around him . there are handful of standout songs on this record , but there is no excuse for it running as many tracks as it does . the skits remind me why i sometimes think the whole idea of skits on cds tired itself out in about 1997 , if not earlier . worse , the fillers sound similar to the hits but less memorable , making the whole album kind of drag , and the grooves , guitar licks and keys , all of which are good in small doses , become sort of flat after a time , especially when joyo velarde is n't singing backup vox . surely a few of the songs could have become b-sides on the single , or something , instead of bloating the album itself . do that there , rise and shine , and one session are my favorite tracks , the ones i would say go buy from the itunes store or something right now . there 's nothing wrong with the rest , i just do n't find myself listening to them much . i like the concept of later that day but it should probably take less time out of the day to listen to 
health neg 986.txt since our bathroom cabinet is short on space , i loved the idea of this hair dryer ! unfortunately , the idea was more a fantasy than a reality . i only had this hair dryer for about a month before the cord-keeper button fell out ( spring and all ! ) and the retractible cord stopped retracting . since that was the only reason i bought this one over other models , i was sorely disappointed ! also , this dryer is so l-o-u-d that i had to wear earplugs ( no kidding ! ) while drying my hair so that i would n't damage my hearing ! hands down the worst hair dryer on the market 
music pos 951.txt if you enjoyed explosions in the sky 's last album " the earth is not a cold dead place " , and the songs by the group on the " friday night lights soundtrack " , then surely , you shall find love for their newest record " all of a sudden i miss everyone " . if you are new to explosions in the sky , i can only personally describe their music to you as lush , captivating , graceful , energetic , and highly inspirational art rock instrumentations . please ignore reviewers who rate this album negatively because they do n't like it as much as their last album ( yet ) . " all of a sudden i miss everyone " is different than previous records ; it is alot darker , but at the same time hopeful and promising , best listened to on a rainy day or a cold dark night ( again , personal description ) . what more can i say.. . this is about as beautiful as three guitars and a drum set can sound . my favorite album of 2007 so far . 
health pos 656.txt well this is marketed as a quick and healthy snack for kids , but i find it perfect for me . it 's a great charge of chocolate and not too many calories and bit of fiber , what more can you ask for 
dvd pos 549.txt this " special addiction " dvd of " reefer madness from twentieth century fox home entertainment is truly awesome ! ! ! includes both original black and white and colorized versions of the now cult classic ! ! ! plus some great extras too , including 2 commentaries and the hilarious " gandpa 's marijuana handbook " ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! ! 
health pos 10.txt i bought this product because i had a borderline high reading at my doctor 's office . rather than having the hassle of going to his office and paying a cop-pay just to have it monitored , we purchased this unit . it works wonderful . very simple and gives more information than i expected 
software pos 202.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade 
books pos 300.txt i could n't count how many copies of this book i have purchased . the most recent was for my third grandchild due later this month . this book is the best there is for the very young child . for each of my own three children , it was a stand-out favorite that was read over and over until overuse required it be replaced . we certainly could n't be without a copy ! since then , this book is always included whenever i give gifts to new parents . the book is the touchy-feely type so the child explores the soft fur of the bunny , daddy 's scratchy beard , etc. the only times i hesitated buying it for a new baby was once when the mom was unwed and the father was not involved with her or the child ( there is a page on daddy 's beard and one for mother 's ring ) and another time for a family of color since parents in the book are caucasian . 
music neg 924.txt a lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves . ironic lyrics like " image of the invisible " do not make them intellectual . this trash is not music . get it off my radio ! if only i could give 0 stars. . 
camera pos 554.txt this case fits the camera perfectly . you hardly notice it when it 's attached to your belt . 
music pos 178.txt i purchased this cd during the lowest time of my life emotionally . every track brought solace and comfort beyond belief , especially the title track , deep peace . i would listen to it over and over , bathing in the lush healing sounds . each element , from the perfectly balanced vocals to the simple piano and violin motifs , is seemingly structured at a spiritual level . this is more than ambient music , it 's true music therapy . 
camera pos 962.txt this spotting scope from bushnell is an excellent buy if you are an outdoors person or if you like watching the world from your window . you can even view the craters on the moon . plus it 's waterproof and comes with two cases and a tripod . the amazon price is the best deal on the internet 
books neg 610.txt the novel , a northern light , by jennifer donnelly , is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl , bound for a great future . jennifer donnelly relates to mattie gokey , the lead character , in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of new york . donnelly attended the university of rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children 's book . her novels include , the tea rose , the winter rose , a northern light , and a children 's book , humble pie . all of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book , a northern light , has also been introduced in europe under the title a gathering light . a northern light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth , education , love , and murder . the combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to . as you read this book , you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve . but as you read further , you realize that it 's a lot about hardships , strength and love . on the first page of the book , mattie is imagining a perfect day at the glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself , " i believe these things . with all my heart . for i am good at telling myself lies " . from this quote , you can see the type of person mattie is , and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel . the events typically consist of let down after let down for mattie and her hopes for her future . this book is written from mattie 's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better . it adds a different element to the book that would n't be there if it was n't written from mattie 's point of view . it lets you get inside mattie 's head and feel the emotions that she 's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations . mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back . she 's stuck in a farming town where education is n't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family . as you read this book , you just want to tell mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith . she is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well . she deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died . she has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well . royal loomis enters mattie 's life at a very unconventional time when mattie 's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she 's always wanted . mattie deals with her teacher , miss wilcox , leaving town . miss wilcox was mattie 's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle . the life mattie wants . this book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand . it 's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children . the issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families . a northern light is full of valuable lessons , but most of all it 's just a good book to get lost in . 
dvd neg 504.txt most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better ! ! ! 
health neg 884.txt i first bought the standard , and then the large size in an attempt to have a pair that fit well . i used them riding a bike in the winter months . neither pair fit well and there are most likely very few people who will obtain a good fit . for the goggles to be snug enough to prevent wind from entering ( and prevent tearing ) causes great pressure above the ear . the rigid design somehow discourages turning your head freely . i retired my clics when i found foam padded sunglasses for motorcyclists . 
camera pos 595.txt isiklandirmanin iyi olmadigi yerlerde netlik sorunu oluyor . birde floresan isik altinda beyaz dengesi tam tutmuyor . diger ozellikleri gayet guzel . bellek kartina cekim yapabiliyor olmasi cok guzel 
health neg 728.txt this is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . to enough room for diapers etc 
books pos 251.txt jonathan glover 's book is not quite like anything you 've read on war , state terror , and genocide . the tour of twentieth-century horrors is thematic rather than chronological , organized according to the ethical issues glover wants to explore . this takes a little getting used to , but it allows the author to jump , for example , from the first world war to the cuban missile crisis , to see which lessons had been learned in the interim and which might be applied in the future . the cumulative power of glover 's pointillist technique is enormous . & quot ; humanity&quot ; combines a clear-eyed ( necessarily often gruesome ) depiction of *in*humanity with an informed and enlightening discussion of how leaders and ordinary people can change things for the better . as an examination of the psychological and existential origins of mass murder and genocide , it marks an advance on ervin staub 's classic & quot ; roots of evil , & quot ; and should be of interest to any student of modern history and politics 
dvd neg 355.txt after enjoying " cowboy bebop " and " samurai champloo " , someone recommended checking out " flcl " aka " fooly cooly . " if you enjoyed those previous titles , i would suggest steering clear of this particular anime . the art is interesting enough but the story is simply lacking , the characters are completely and utterly undeveloped . it almost seems like they are making fun of you for watching their anime . this the second dvd of three and has 40 minutes of programming . i read somewhere that this was not even a real show and that they threw it together to test out new animation techniques- - if you 've seen all 6 episodes and are still wondering " what the heck was that " this does not seem to be untrue . please i strongly suggest you skip watching this program because it is , simply put , garbage . 
health pos 390.txt this is the best dispenser we have used . it attches to the wall easily , is eay to fill and is constructed in such a way that it has multiple uses . we purchased smaller ones to give as gifts-knowing others would like it also . 
camera pos 843.txt i see a lot of people have had trouble tracking baseballs with this thing . i 've owned one for 3 years and it works pretty well . i will give some tips on it : ! ! ! if you throw at a respectable speed , and do n't follow the correct procedure it will not work - there will be no reading ! ! 1 ) do n't stand behind a metal fence . the chain links with the plastic coating over them will work , but for whatever reason exposed metal interferes with the signal . 2 ) the focus beam of the radar gun is very narrow . the whole idea is to keep the beam on the ball as long as possible . just having the ball pass through the radar beam is not enough . you need to keep the beam on the ball for practically the whole pitch . 3 ) use rechargable batteries.. . and this is n't to save money . some of the better energizer rechargable are high amperage , 1350 ma and up . the gun tends to respond better to this , as its pretty power hungry . you will get more consistant readings with better batteries . non-rechargable batteries cannot provide the same level of current ( usually 850 ma or less ) , which seem to effect the gun . so , how would you properly use the gun ? one way is to stand behind the mound as the pitcher throws . forget about using it during a game , behind the backstop . it wont work . try line up the pitchers release point and the plate , then situate your gun so that it fires on this imaginary line ( connecting pitchers hand and the target . you may have to slightly change the angle of the gun to track the pitch , which can be slightly tricky . follow the ball with the gun as long as you can . for a sure fire way to clock a throw , get a cheap net and stand behind it . you will register it every time . you will also have the most accurate reading 
music neg 184.txt ok , first off , this is the first corrs release i 've listenend to . i 'm offering my opinion without knowing anything else they may have done . i 've listened to the cd 10 times or so , on random occasions when i need a break from my normal diet of punk and garage rock . it sounds good . a little too good . i agree that it 's overproduced , does n't sound even remotely spontaneous . the studio work is well done , but overdone . i 'd like to hear something else to see what they really sound like . the content of the songs is what bothers me . aside from being sappy , sentimental drivvel ( this is pop music , after all - i was n't expecting anything else ) , everything sounds like a commercial ditty or a part of a movie soundtrack . mmm-hmm . track 1 - i see a not-so overweight soccermom smiling on a treadmill at curves ( tm ) , then hopping in the ford expedition ( tm ) , and cheering on the kids at their soccer game with a sunnyd ( tm ) in each hand . track 2 - helicopter pans out as mid-20 's girl drives curvy mountain road in vw cabrio ( tm ) ( r ) with top down , thinking about handsome lover.. . " lmn " ( r ) watermark in lower-right corner of screen.. . track 3 - sad animals . images of puppys in cages . track 4 - actually , i like this one . mellow , laid back . track 5 - ugh. track 6 - this one is the most clever ! i see the band members - 3 girls , 1 guy - on one side of a table under a hanging lamp in an otherwise black room , while 3 gentlemen in suits open a breifcase full of money , push it towards them and say , " as you 're aware , the radio has lost it 's credibility . the kids are figuring out that there are other bands out there , beside what we pump across the airwaves at them . we need to entice them back . if you want a single , and this pile of cash says you do , then you 'll do what you can to save this dying medium . hell , you work in the word " radio " and we 'll double what we 're giving you . " come on , the song even sounds like a psa for the international radio marketing council.. . track 7 - sounds like a pepsi commercial . track 8 - ugh. wait , was n't this track 5 ? track 9 - sappy , but ok . sounds like they actually put effort into the lyrics . thumbs up . track 10 - not remotely original , but alright . track 11 - interesting sound . good beat . correct me if i 'm worng , but was that a semi-pagan reference there ? that would be a bold move , for which i 'd applaud them , if in fact it is . not that i 'm pagan or anything , but hey , its a religiously positive , non-christian reference that does n't involve marilyn manson , and that takes guts . especially for radio-loving girls bands . track 12 - laid back . almost has a jazzy , lounge feel . track 13 - produced by former ace of base member ? bubbly , upbeat , not too bad . track 14 - written and produced by avril lavigne.. . track 15 - wow ! a relatively celtic-sounding song from a relatively celtic band ! ! and instrumental , too - big thumbs up ! in fact , maybe that 's the key . whatever . long-winded , i know , but fair . this album did n't turn me off to the corrs completely , but i do n't have very high hopes now . flame away , kiddies . 
camera pos 600.txt this is something you will really need to keep you camcorder save and sound . defenitely worth the money 
music pos 140.txt actually have n't heard this cd , yet , i can still comment on part of it . i was the lucky guy who did the live recording at the x-ray cafe . sold the masters to the band a couple years ago and just now got around to thinking , " i wonder if they ever did anything with those masters ? " so , i was there at the show and can say that every ounce of energy that the band put out ( which was considerable since this was the last show on their tour , but they knew the x-ray was special and gave it their all ) - it was all captured on these recordings . the machine was a tascam 688 that used standard cassette tapes for 8-channel recordings . most all the mics were either shure sm57 / 58 , but there was also a high quality shure stereo mic overhead that was mainly used for capturing the drum kit but also provided a nice stereo image of the stage . the x-ray was perfect for this type of recording . the tiny pa was only used for the vocals , so , there was no competing with a pa blasting everything . i would place a sm-57 close to every amp . had a nice specialtiy bass mic , too . usually , 8 channels was enough to catch everything , but , there were extra inputs where it was possible to stack multiple mics onto a single track if needed . because of the overhead stereo catching the drums , this was rarely needed . with a full house , such as the night with the gits , any reflecting waves were just soaked up by the body mass of the crowd , creating what turned out to be a very nice intimate recording space . there was split box on stage which fed all the mics to the x-ray " business office " next door , which is where the tascam was setup away from any real danger . all of which made it a fun gig to record in comfort and be able to also go over to the stage side and enjoy the show . every once in a while , magic happened . d . fletcher portland , or 
camera pos 612.txt this is a neat idea . you do have to have close up pictures to really be able to see them in the small screen . it was very easy to load the pictures and it is very handy to have with me to show others our most recent pictures 
books neg 970.txt the best thing about this book is its table of contents . in second place is the preface . and then it 's all downhill . if you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications , with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great ( or even little ) detail , and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars , then please go ahead and buy this book . if however , you value your cash , and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence , at least attempts in good faith to teach you something , then please , do n't fall for the marketing ploy of the title " rf microelectronics " . because there 's very little " rf " and even less " microelctronics " in this text . here 's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface : " the annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5b . " do i see dollar signs in your eyes ? i thought so . do n't fall for the trap . if you want to learn a thing or two about rf electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component ( like a capacitor here or a resistor there ) in a communication circuit is , then buy : modern electronic communication ( 9th edition ) by gary m. miller . the miller book 's 9th edition is coming out soon . even with 992 pages of text , it costs only $60.00. i believe razavi 's book should never have been published because frankly , it 's not a book at all . why it 's still in print ( though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years ) , is completely beyond any sane person 's comprehension 
camera neg 677.txt this camcorder worked well , but i had two complaints with it . 1. on the sound track you can hear noise from the recording head moving back and forth , sounds like a woodpecker . this alone made it unacceptable or what i wanted to do . 2. i wanted high quality video , but since it records on a small dvd disk , the video is compressed before it is recorded on the disk . this causes some loss of detail in the picture , especially if you 're going to edit it and rerecord the video which i need to do . if you just want a camera to record a small dvd which you can then play in a dvd player ( and not all dvd players will play the small dvds ) this camera might be acceptable . i returned it and bought a panasonic pv-gs35minidv camcorder which uses the minidv cassette tape . much better video quality because its not compressd , and no noise from the tape drive 
software pos 658.txt i have used mcafee antivirus for years and it is an excellent product . i bought the suite this time and found it will not allow you to run a different firewall ( zonealarm ) in my case . that is the only negative i have found so far . the mcafee firewall seems sufficient so far 
books pos 959.txt reviewed by joanne benham for reader views ( 2 / 06 ) it 's an ordinary sunday afternoon for odelia grey . an afternoon spent with her dysfunctional family means a stop at the grocery store on the way home to buy her favorite comfort food , stouffer 's macaroni and cheese , to get the taste of her family ( and her rotten date on saturday night ) out of her mouth . and then she gets the phone call.....her dear friend sophie , a staunch supporter , mentor and banner carrier for bbw- -- -big , beautiful women- --has committed suicide . as she struggles to cope with this heartbreaking news , she has more disturbing news piled on . not only did sophie commit suicide , she did it in front of dozens of eyewitnesses on her adult website ! ! ! with the emergence of more hidden facets of sophie 's life , odelia finds it difficult to reconcile this new sophie to the sophie she knew and loved . as odelia digs deeper into sophie 's life , both past and present , she comes to the conclusion that sophie would not , under any circumstances , kill herself . with backup help from a memorable cast of characters , odelia sets out to clear her friend 's name and in the process gains a new acceptance of herself as a fat woman in a thin society . this book was enjoyable on so many levels . first and foremost , it is very well written . second , it confronts the prejudice that is openly shown to fat people in today 's society and gives a gentle nudge toward developing tolerance . and finally , it leaves you impatiently awaiting the next installment in the life of odelia patience grey......the best new heroine to spring from the pages of a book in years . 
books neg 937.txt erickson , a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works , all based on bogus , doctored and unrelaible soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of bolshevik invincability . 
music pos 283.txt overdrive , watching the rain , enchanted , teaching myself to dream , glow , lemon , because i can are really excellent songs , this album is really worth it . 
music pos 815.txt superior to the first steppenwolf album in many ways , and including a song that tops even ' born to be wild ' itself , ' magic carpet ride ' , is as essential as the group 's first album , even to the casual rock fan . it opens with ' faster than the speed of life ' , a perfect blend of steppenwolfish hard rock & airplanesque psychedelic rock ( like ' she has funny cars ' ) . ' tighten up your wing ' is an upbeat , bluesy track , that bounces well along , before being replaced with ' none of your doing ' , a steppenwolf-classic , that shifts gear between verse & chorus . ' spiritual fantasy ' is one of the strangest creations on the album , strangely touching , though appaling at first . but given a second chance , it comes across as one of the best tracks on the album . the marihuana-anthem ' do n't step on the grass , sam ' is pure heavy steppenwolf , a timeless classic , that crunches slowly , but steadily along . ' 28 ' is a great rock song with just a hint of psychedelia in the melody . a neat little rocker that is followed by the ultimate psychedelic dance track . ' magic carpet ride ' is simply steppenwolf 's best song ever , a fantastic blend of rhytm , melody & vision , that is worth the price of all steppenwolf 's classic albums on its own . it was also the only of their singles to almost replicate ' born to be wild 's us #2 placing , when it shot to #3 on the us chart . ' disappointment number ' is almost that , but then not again . it is an odd ode to / parody of old blues , complete with bird sounds in the background , as if it 's an old blues singer sitting out in the open . ' lost and found by trial and error ' has a great tune , and rocks away well , as does ' hodge , podge , strained through a leslie ' and ' resurrection' . both employ the classic steppenwolf sound in a great rocking way , to become , if not classics , then at least steppenwolf-standards . the album closes with ' reflections ' a weird song , that seems like somebody trying to be visionary , before you realize that that is just what he is . just in a very peculiar way . the album has some , if not weak , then not too powerful spots , but generally it is a more than worthy follow-up to the first steppenwolf album , with a great blend of the band 's traditional hard rock and a form of psychedelia that suits them perfectly . even the least interesting tracks rock nicely , & no-one should have anything to complain about here. . 
camera pos 352.txt if you are looking for a great all around camera , this is it ! our kids play sports and are in constant motion and the sports mode captures it all . also love the " last 4 " feature , gets some great action shots . we had the fuji 7000 before this and they have definately fixed the features that bugged me . love the new manual zoom ( if you like 35mm lenses your like this ) as well as the battery drain . i used to have to replace batteries every day , now its more like once a week with the amount we use it . my other favorite feature is the dual memory slots for those times where i forget to put it back in the camera after downloading ! so there is always one in there ! . the video comes out great and with the new manual lens you can zoom during video shots . in general , without spending a lot more , you get a great camera that keeps up with an active " picture happy " family 
camera pos 308.txt i had viewed concert photos taken with the s2 from a number of different photographers and they absolutely took my breath away . saw the output of other cameras in comparison and they did n't even come close . i was using the canon a80 prior and while i was happy with it , my first round of photos with the s2 proved to be most impressive . while you can use this as a point and shoot , this is a camera that you should spend some time learning so that you can get the most from it . and although the s3 is the latest version of the camera , i 'm not sure you get that much more for the money 
music neg 980.txt i love plenty of contemporary country music.. . everything from " new bluegrass " ( alison krauss & union station ) to " new country " like reba mcentire , rascal flatts , brad paisley , martina.. . even a lot of faith & shania . but i think this cd is crap . the single star is for the only good song on the album , " heads carolina , tails california " - - but really , 1 star for one good song out of ten is a bit too generous . i 'm astounded at how bad the other 9 songs are.. . elementary-school rhyming , uninspired melody lines , stupid lyrics , below-average accompaniment , etc. one of the most annoying things to me is her habit of overpronnouncing every word in a song.. . i 'd guess someone told her at some point that she slurs her words , and she was trying to overcompensate . the result should be titled " hooked on phonics , starring jodee messina . " listen to the preview of " on a wing and a prayer " for a good example of what i 'm talking about . i thank my lucky stars i borrowed this cotton candy from the library , rather than shelling out $16 for one song . do yourself a favor and buy " heads carolina , tails california " online if you must have it 
camera pos 750.txt i bought this camera for my 16 year old granddaughter and she just loves it . the pics are bright and clear and the camera is very easy to handle 
camera pos 317.txt this lens has only two " faults . " first , it is big and heavy- -quality construction often yields a heavy lens . second , once the photographer has seen the results that this lens can produce , there is a likelihood that he or she will be unhappy with the other lenses in the camera bag . results first : the images are razor sharp with this zoom mounted on my nikon d70s . i can get shots that i never could get before because this lens is so crisp that subjects taken at a distance nevertheless can be cropped to produce an acceptable close-up image . subjects taken at more normal distances are breathtakingly sharp- -as if shot with an excellent prime lens . this is a fast lens ( f / 2.8 throughout its entire zoom range ) . almost more importantly , this lens has the best " bokeh " that i have ever experienced in a lens . " bokeh , " to the extent that i understand the concept ( it is a japanese word meaning roughly " unfocused " ) , is a word describing whether the out-of-focus portion of an image ( i.e. a blurred background in a photo in which only the subject is in focus ) has a pleasing look to it . this lens produces wonderful , creamy bokeh . the sharpness and bokeh , combined with the excellent bright color rendition of this lens , makes this one a true classic . i have occasionally experienced minor ghosting on this lens when shooting into a very bright subject , i.e. the sun reflecting off of the ocean . this is a normal shortfall of a zoom lens comprised of a multitude of elements , and i have sometimes experienced this . but such occasions are rare . the autofocusing action of this lens is very good . even birds at very long distances usually produce a quick , snappy autofocus lock on my nikon d70s . very seldom does it " hunt " for an af lock , and these occasions are likely due to operator error rather than the lens . this lens also features vibration reduction ( vr ) which enables it to produce acceptable images below what an f / 2.8 lens would otherwise be suitable for . the vr really works , too , although it is by no means a panacea for dim lighting . this is one of nikon 's professional lenses , and the quality of construction is excellent . the critical mount is metal , and the entire lens is built like a tank . the lens comes with a nice squeeze-style lens cap , and a very good lens hood that can be easily reversed for storage . the reader can see that i am extremely enamored with this lens . the reason is that , notwithstanding its bulk and weight , this lens produces the best nature shots that i have ever managed to take , by far . 
dvd pos 442.txt while this dvd was obviously filmed in the early 1970s with the picture quality to match at times , the genius of david bowie shines through . as adults too young to remember or have seen ziggy stardust , it was an amazing look at the time period . the sound quality is suprisingly good , although some camera angles are distracting at times . it was also neat to hear bowie 's pronouncement of " this is our last tour ever . " little did he know.. . this dvd is worth every penny . rock on 
dvd neg 310.txt this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . " eight women " is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm - - all 5 inches of it . the man of the house has been murdered in the night . young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . " eight women " is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france . yet the first 2 / 3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . the characters are self-interested and fun . there 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife ( catherine deneuve ) and a black cook . plenty of class and age tension to make three movies . did i mention the music ? every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . these are always those stereotypical french songs - - full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime - - that are tedious to american ears . and bizarre . while one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . strange . by the 2 / 3 mark , i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars . but soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience . 
camera pos 726.txt combine the high iso , low noise and fast shutter speed for great blur free shots on low light and moving subjects . this is what only fuji can offer to you on compact camera class . the f31fd does n't have is ( image stabilized lenses or a ccd shift sensor ) , which other cameras use to reduce the effect of blur from camera shaking . but this kind of stabilization is really only useful for 6x or more zoom , for just 3x typical zoom on ultra compact p&s you just need to hold it firmly and will get the same results . is also ca n't prevent blur from moving subjects . with a high iso like on f31fd you can use faster shutter speeds that will freeze subjects and prevent blur from camera shaking too . fuji super ccd sensor provides the lowest noise on high iso you will find on 2007 's compact cameras , the quality is only comparable to the big dslr professional cameras . ah , and the face detection is not just a gimmick or marketing appeal.. . it 's really great , specially if someone who does n't know how to focus on the face then recompose the scene is taking pictures of you , with f31fd they will not miss the shot 
software neg 2.txt my boss asked me to get this , so that he check out the latin portion of it . what a waste ! the only latin on this cd is *latin* american spanish . the interface was underwhelming . i needed to guess at what did what , because the controls are mostly icons . what 's worse , there is no menu bar at the top to help take the guess work out of using the program . apparently though , the manufacturer did throw in an extra *not* listed on the back . if you are learning the differences between us and uk english , its there ! i gave this one star , only because i could n't give it no stars 
camera pos 828.txt i purchased this prior to the birth of my son , and it 's doing the job perfectly . i do n't have a 2.4ghz phone at home so i ca n't say how it would 've affected its performance , but video and sound are very clear at a remote location . i 'm happy with the product and highly recommend it 
health neg 199.txt i purchased this towel warmer for my wife . she has been very disappointed . it simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it . i would not recommend it to anyone . 
camera neg 481.txt this camera is the worst ! ! ! i bought this on black friday there are many reasons why i am returning this piece of junk : 1.first of all , it runs on double a batteries 2.when i came home i started taking pictures.after i took my first picture , it said error saving image ! 3.then it worked and it didnt work.i tried downloading some of the pictures that were actually saved on the camera onto the computer.when i finished downloading them , i looked for the pics on the computer.i f0und them but the pics were all blurry.i was so fed up that i left it sitting on my computer desk for the next 2 months . do not buy this camera , it will be a waste of your money and time ! i actually thought hp made good cameras.....- _ - 
software pos 580.txt i love this product . i had so many pictures that need to be in a scrapbook . this was so fast and easy , also it only took a couple of weeks to complete . i did n't over spend on paper , tape , glue , and etc. with three kids i do n't have the time to sit down and cut , measure and more . with all my pages completed . i added a few things to go along with the theme of my page . i even used left over christmas wrap to fill the 12x12 for christmas pictures / theme 
dvd neg 461.txt well not to bad a deal.most of the movies here are n't too bad ( the inspector general , a farewell to arms , a star is born etc ; ) and have basically clear picture and sound quality.it 's true several of these are silent but even a few of those are good.there is a problem with this set however , after you 've watched these movies once they will begin to wear out my mother and i discovered this when we wanted to watch " the flying deuces " for the second time the film was a lot more blurry and it was difficut to hear some of the dialogue.my advice is not buy this collection unless you find it for sale very cheap , and to just rent some of the better ones.we did get a few things out of this my mother said that she discovered buster keaton , w.c.fields and charlie chaplin because of this for instance , ( and after we liked father 's litle dividend we decided to watch father of the bride which was even better ) so i have decided to give it an extra star just for that 
camera neg 612.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
camera neg 139.txt i bought this battery as a replacement for an old canon bp511a . it lasted about a couple of months before it started not taking a charge . complete waste of money 
software neg 285.txt used norton antivirus the last 3 years . getting product in tax software promotions . no problems until i installed 2007 6 days ago , when my system became really slow and then i was unable to access the internet . since their customer service phone number is not in the user guide but buried in their website , i was thankful my husband 's laptop was available . the first rep became exasperated when his scripted suggestions did not resolve my problem after 1.25 hours and tersely told me he was sending me an email file that would solve my problems . i had identified it was the worm protection causing the problem so i turned that off , accessed the file and ran it . my computer updated twice with no change - if the worm protection was on , i was n't going to be able to access the internet . worked up my patience and called that evening , only to hold for 48 minutes . finally got another native of india who spoke english worse than the first guy . at one point , we were waiting on a restart and i asked her a question about the computer being slower with the 2007 version and she responded , " ok , yes " . long story short , i hung up an hour later with a link for an update to the 2007 product which i was assured would solve the problem and an email address for her manager . during these two calls , the software was uninstalled , reinstalled , and tested and i spent several hours using the online support . i updated the product and it worked for a couple hours . then i was right back where i began , unable to access the internet unless i turned off the worm protection . i started the day with 360 days remaining on my subscription but once i updated , the protection center now says my subscription is expired . when i check my norton account online , it shows i have almost a year remaining before expiration and all their tips to update the proection center have pathetically failed . sent an email to the management address i was given , but of course , have n't heard anything . i am uninstalling this product and will never use norton again . 
health pos 775.txt calvin klein 's obsession was one of the earliest releases in the designer fragrance craze , and it has since become a classic . obsession is a warm , earthy , sensual scent . there is no floral or sweetness to it ; rather , it has a musky , almost masculine quality with a bit of a vanilla note . the scent is gently seductive- -alluring enough for romance , but also subtle enough for everyday wear . in has excellent staying power , as it lingers on the skin all day long . although obession has all of the qualities i usually like in a fragrance- -i definitely prefer musky , spicy scents to more floral ones- -for some reason , obsession is not one of my favorites ; although i do enjoy wearing it on occasion , i actually prefer stealing some of my husband 's obession for men to wear for myself ! overall , however , obsession for women is a classic fragrance that i would definitely recommend 
music neg 437.txt i hate it when rock stars form those g0d awful " supergroups " . ca n't people see that putting a whole bunch of different people from different bands together in one band is just a marketing scam and nothing more ? there 's no such thing as a good supergroup . the supergroup is the only kind of band that deliberately tries to $uck . when damn yankees released their 1990 debut , every song on it was so incredibly generic , there was no hope for this band . the whole album seemed rushed and thrown together . they had nothing meaningful to say with these songs , it just seemed like they were pumping out filler and hoping somebody would be stupid enough to fall for their " supergroup " scam . the big , booming , arena rock choruses just ring hollow . i guess they 're trying to be catchy and have memorable hooks , but to me , it just sounds like a lot of filler . supergroups will always suck , because they diliberately try to sound bad ! thats right people ! supergroup members know that since they 're already popular , the album they 're putting out is guaranteed to be a big seller- -- - " why bother trying to come up with good songs ? we 're already popular , so people will buy it no matter how bad it is ! lets just put out filler . " supergroups are a total farce , its just easy money for the people involved , and nothing more . if you buy any album by any supergroup , than you my friend , are a sucker ! if you want to hear shaw or blades at their best , just keep listening to any styx or night ranger album , and avoid anything by damn yankees , or any other supergroup 
books pos 539.txt although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology 
software neg 570.txt having had norton products installed for years including antivirus , internet security , and systemworks , i decided to replace the installed products with norton 360 and a non-norton password manager . obviously , it is critical to first remove all norton programs before installing norton 360. the installation process proceeded relatively smoothly . my computing environment includes a 1.6ghz processor , 1 , 000mb of memory , and 6gb of available disk . the background scans and liveupdate have played havoc with my other applications by periodically locking up the entire cpu at 100% cpu utilization . one application that streams radio broadcasts now stops . i immediately disabled the automatic updates and scheduled backups , however , the cpu occasionally still locks . additionally , there is no way to transfer security settings from previous norton products to norton 360 thereby making the installation process very labor intensive . if you now have separate norton security products and are satisfied with them , save your money and renew the norton subscriptions . 
music neg 297.txt i bought this cd because i figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . well , i 'd like to say i loved it , but i didnt . this cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . where as the original songs , the kyle toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . for those of you first discovering dr. know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world...the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience dr. know , buy their best of cd that was released on mystic records . this is the best version of dr. know . hope this helps 
camera pos 698.txt i purchased this camera for my son . he is a doctoral student and needed to photograph items for his research . he was able to learn to use it quickly . the battery life is phenomenal 
dvd pos 41.txt brando can sing ! ! guys and dolls is proof . one of the all time great musicals and the biggest box office hit of 1955 , has brando as the main lead and he is ably supported by the voice - sinatra . now only a mad man will say that brando is a better singer than sinatra , but to give brando his due he sang well and carried of the role brilliantly...like wise only a mad man will say sinatra is a better actor than brando . guys and dolls is a very important film in brando 's career . it is the first light hearted movie he made . all his movies before this were heavy dramatic stuff . this is the first movie where brando is having fun and what fun it was . great songs , great acting and great stars...guys and dolls is 4 star entertainment all the way . brando and simmons along with sinatra and blaine are amazing . 
music pos 194.txt well it 's not quite as good as rising which is the best album ever but it 's still amazing . 1.man on the silver mountain - 10 / 10 this track is a classic and is still played at every dio concert and ritchie blackmore still performed it at every rainbow concert until rainbow disbanded in 1997 but anyway this may be ritchie blackmore 's strongest riff ever ! and dio 's vocal performance is excellent . anyway it 's a great fantasy song by dio and blackmore and still got radio play so it appeals to everyone . 2.self portrait - 10 / 10 excellent dark song by the band which fits dio 's voice perfectly another classic ! 3.black sheep of the family - 8 / 10 good song but not a rainbow song it 's a cover and that 's a shame because i would have loved to hear dio 's brilliant lyrics another original song but anyway still a good listen 4.catch the rainbow - 10 / 10 another classic from this album as dio shows how well he can sing ballads as well as epics and rockers . blackmore has a solo full of feeling and this was performed at every rainbow concert until dio left the band . 5.snake charmer - 10 / 10 another song that takes place in the middle ages which is rainbow 's trademark . anyway this song is very underrated and should have been a classic . dio has brilliant lyrics and vocals as usual and it 's no suprise that blackmore supplied excellent solos and riffs for this one 6.temple of the king - 10 / 10 here is the best ballad of all time ! ! ! ronnie 's vocals are perfect for this song and his lyrics are amazing too . blackmore throws togethor and a great arrangemant and solo aswell to make this maybe the best track on the album . 7.if you do n't like rock n roll - 8 / 10 kind of cheesy lyrics but a good track and it sounds more like an elf track . 8.sixteenth century greensleeves - 10 / 10 great song ! a real classic as dio puts togethor another great fantasy song . blackmore 's riffs is brilliant and his solo is full of bends and shredding . 9.still i 'm sad - 10 / 10 well the version with vocals is much than this instrumental version but this version is brilliant too . the live version off on stage however with dio 's vocals blow it away . i still wonder why there were n't any vocals on this . the band is ronnie james dio - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar gary driscoll - drums mickey lee soule - keyboards , piano , mellatron craig guber - bass 2 
books pos 743.txt ... i really was n't expecting a writer i would like almost as much as howard and mckenna ... what a great find ! if you like uber-alpha , warrior , edgy good-guy hero ( ex navy seal ) and a likable , feisty heroine , you have got to try this author . read this in one sitting 
camera neg 558.txt amazon replaced the original coolpix p3 because of technical defects but the new one has worst problems . this one does not even focuses at all . i dont know what to do now because there is no technical service for nikon in my country venezuela or latin america . i basicly lost my 300 dollars please answe 
health pos 588.txt recommend it . suppressed my appetite the first day . when i got hungry it took a few bytes to feel full again 
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! ! 
music pos 277.txt i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then 
health pos 614.txt these bags are much sturdier and thicker than the gerber bags . you also do n't have to cut the bags open after defrosting / heating them up . amazingly they are cheaper than the gerber bags too ! i 've used them for several months and have n't had one leak yet . but i am pretty careful and store the milk bags flat in tupperware containers in the freezer 
dvd neg 221.txt zakk pushed his voice beyond its limits on mafia , and on this tour . its really hard to take , and i 'm glad he returned to his regular smokey voice on shot to hell . bls are a great group , but zakk 's persistent use of this higher strained vocal technique scuttles blessed hellride songs that were sung in regular pitch on the cds . stoned and drunk and funeral bell are critically altered to the point where i had to skip them . i 'm actually starting to suspect that zakk was using a vocal harmonizer tuned up an octave to achieve this effect , because i ca n't imagine how his vocal chords could withstand a tour sung this way . a few tunes sung this way i can handle , buts its total overkill on this dvd . the behind the scenes extras are enjoyable because zakk is a funny guy 
software neg 574.txt the video editing part of this software is completely useless . it did n't come with a manual and i ended up buying on my own a book about how to use it . it has n't made a difference . the software is completely uncooperative . my computer more than meets the minimum requirements for running the program . if you bought this software for the video editing , i recommend using the disc as a drinks coaster and buying something else 
health pos 256.txt i bought this rechargeable shaving system for my husband for christmas . it was a replacement of a corded shaver he had been using . he has been enjoying the features offered by this device . he especially likes the ability to rinse it out after each use . it gives a close shave and has a quick charge feature that allows you to charge it for a few minutes and gives at least two shaves . he has used the razor for about two weeks now with no complaints . it was a great price for a quality product 
camera neg 115.txt this camera worked very well until the lens got jammed in its extended position . i sent the camera for warranty service ( i had it less than 7 months ) , and they refused to honor the warranty because it was a bit scuffed and a little decorative ring on the end of the lens that had been attached with 2-sided tape had come off . they claimed this happened due to physical damage , but this occurred during normal use : i was just changing modes and the lens did n't retract . do n't bother trying to get warranty service unless the unit looks brand new . even then , do n't be surprised if they renege on the warranty . i had another a410 that did the very same thing ( lens got jammed ) , but was stolen in a break-in before i sent it out for service ( so i suppose it was no loss after all ) . obviously there is a design flaw that causes the lens to extend too far and come off track inside . in short , this camera is not suitable for frequent use in the field . if you buy it , and plan to use it a lot , expect to be buying another camera or paying for a repair that should be covered under warranty ( which i 'm not doing ) soon . 
health neg 204.txt this brush is worth about 10 bucks . anything more and you are throwing money down the drain . 
dvd pos 490.txt martin short is priceless in this movie - i enjoyed every minute . 
dvd pos 152.txt saw this movie at a sneak preview as i could not wait for it to be released . wonderful & awesome feel good movie . i bought the 2004 calendar and was anxious for the movie 's release on dvd . fabulous acting by all of the ladies . get this movie & watch it with your mom ! ! also recommended : the full mont 
dvd pos 62.txt this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc. believe it brilliant 
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price 
dvd pos 539.txt this is a beautifully orchestrated tale about the delightful absurdity in all human endeavor . it is also a story of cross-cultural misunderstanding of the highest order . kinsky was a madman in the film and in real life and therefore perfect for the part . the scene of the steam ship spinning out of control in that waterfall is one of the memorable in the history of the cinema . the cinematography and editing are a masterpiece . unforgettable 
camera neg 643.txt this kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper . unfortunately , kodak does n't contain an ink cartridge for them . fine , i thought , i 'll buy a separate cartridge . guess what ? you ca n't ! kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper . why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges ? seems pretty dirty 
books neg 570.txt a bunch of junk . not any of the really meaty excersises . an excuse for the auhor to make money 
camera pos 606.txt you wo n't go wrong with a panasonic dv . i 've had a few models . i have several of this model for my business . they 're rock solid reliable , nice and small for portability , and the quality of the recording is very goo 
software neg 192.txt loaded it on my laptop . it says that a compatible device was not found . went to website , downloaded patch . it said i had the latest patch already . everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $20 off . it still is more than $50 and if version 6 does n't work , why would i throw more money at the problem ? i could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone . i took it back to best buy . they said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . i went next door to staples and they said if i bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if i bought it back within 14 days . so , i found a new source for software . pros : it did not crash my laptop it did not cause the modem to dial international calls cons : does n't work no tech support does n't work no tech suppor 
music pos 291.txt i used to be a bigger fan of joe satriani than steve vai about 10 years ago . now i quickly get bored of new satriani albums , but vai 's music just moves me . lotus feet for example , wow , words cannot describe what that song does to me . thanks steve 
books pos 845.txt for those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking , this is the book to read . it is a & quot ; how to&quot ; and so much more . the book covers paper , ink , techniques , hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables . the book is cogently written and elegantly displayed . it is a must for anyone 's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena . ms. airey is a master of her craft and it shows 
software pos 629.txt this dvd-rom game is so interesting and there are even some questions that i do n't know after watching every episode numerous times . i highly recommend this for friends fans of all ages , regardless of whether or not you have seen every episode . also , i love that the game can be played by only one person , for those nights that you find yourself alone and want a few friends to keep you company 
health neg 61.txt lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery . 
software neg 310.txt other than the substandard security ; the endless hours you will spend trying to clean out spyware , protecting against viruses , etc. ; and the fact that microsoft has built in it 's own spyware to notify them when you are connected to the internet , it 's pretty good . it is a good evolution of their graphical interface and quite intuitive . if you are concerned about your ability or willingness to protect yourself against malicious attack from internet scumbags , buy a mac . as you face the upgrade to ms vista , you 're going to need to upgrade your cpu , so you are essentially at a crossroads . good luck 
books pos 43.txt tina dirmann did a fantastic job writing about this difficult case , which encompasses motherhood , mental illness , child abuse , and matricide . dirmann does not interject her own biases or agenda into her writing , rather she presents the many different angles of this story in a compassionate fashion . that , in and of itself is impressive , because many writers of true crime tend to lean one side or the other , get caught up in emotion , and appear unable to really present all sides of the story . lessons can be learned from this book regarding mental illness and society 's responsibility to help families who are in need of intervention . it is so sad that the extended families of these boys failed not only them , but also tragically failed their mother . 
books neg 257.txt casual book browsers who stumble across braden 's book , " the isaiah effect , " might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title : that there exists some mystical , unifying code which is only now being fully understood through modern techniques , research , and understanding . i , as one such browser , had briefly read about the so-called " bible code " which computers have now enabled man to explore and thought that the subject of this book might be related . with my interest piqued at the title and the book description , i delved into the pages expecting to learn exactly what encompassed isaiah 's " precise instructions " of prayer . i wanted to know exactly what braden claimed to have stumbled upon . what i found in this 250 page foray into countless subjects was nothing other than a pastiche of new-thought concepts . the mixing of religions , for example - a sort of pick-and-choose spirituality which has slowly been creeping its way into the mainstream for decades - is recycled over and over again , drawing from endless sources of gnostic gospels and other lost books . in only one chapter does braden actually begin to describe in detail verses from the book of isaiah . instead he relegates the books of the essenes to positions of higher authority and prominence . in the brief pages in which braden actually does discuss isaiah , his conclusions speak nothing of a decoded lost science . his basic premise of " the effect " is that people can alter their futures by the choices they make in the present . such a revelation is not a new interpretation of isaiah at all . any student of the bible and christianity knows that all the prophetic books of the old testament are records of god warning israel , and the world , of turning away from him . to braden 's credit , his discussions of the effects of prayer in today 's society are commemorable , albeit somewhat misguided . i agree with him that people in today 's society need to turn away from the petty details of life with which they 've surrounded themselves . however , i believe braden over-emphasizes the role of feelings and emotion in prayer . he fails to discuss how humans , and their emotions , are extremly fallable and can change as quickly as the winds in his anecdotes . braden wants desperately to believe that the true power of prayer is to be found in all the lost science which he has uncovered in ancient texts . in the process he fails to recognize that the blueprint for prayer has been known to man ever since he was created . humbleness before god and the filling of the holy spirit are the true keys to prayer - not cosmic emotions and human feelings . a disappointing read 
books pos 432.txt i thought i was fairly familiar with the sanibel island area , but this book definitely gave me new insight . the author definitely " knows her stuff " and has written a very informative and interesting guide . anyone visiting sanibel ( especially first-timers ) should definitely get a copy before they go . 
books neg 491.txt this book is not about india or indians . shallow characters . non existant plot . a dismal end to a not terrible beginning . unlike one of the other reviewers , i was unlucky enough to buy this book - what a waste 
dvd pos 890.txt i 'll get to the plot of " the gang 's all here " in a minute , because the plot is n't the most memorable part of this movie . the most memorable part is the bananas . about 20 minutes into the movie , a towering hat of technicolor fruitappears on the screen , followed by its owner- - " brazilian bombshell " carmen miranda . she proceeds to do a number called " the lady in the tutti-frutti hat , " accompanied by chorus girls who bear bananas . six-foot-tall bananas that continuously droop and sprout until number 's end , when the chorus girls , worn out by the burden of this mutated fruit , lay down for a long siesta on a stage dressed up like an island . there 's a reason this number occurs so early on : it takes you the rest of the movie to convince yourself you actually saw this in a 1943 movie . but then , this is busby berkeley , a director who staged his musical numbers as though he was declaring war . and next to kitsch , war is pretty much the motivator here . the wafer-thin story involves andy ( james ellison ) , a soldier who woos and wins edie ( alice faye ) , a canteen dancer , the nightbefore andy goes off to world war two . in what seems an instant , andy gets decorated and returned home to a victory party thrown by the family of andy 's childhood sweetheart and fiancee- -who , unfortunately for edie , is not edie . will the heartbreak be resolved ? do you really care ? the plot is mostly an excuse for some snappy repartee between major ' 40s stars ( in particular , eugene pallette and edward everett horton are hilarious ) , and the kind of musical numbers that seem to drop out of thin air . ( in a couple of scenes , benny goodman and his orchestra stroll by and do some songs just for the heck of it . ) " the gang 's all here " is really a 1943 time capsule , but an eye-popping rouser of one . they do n't make ' em like this anymore . they did n't make ' em much like this back then , either 
music neg 89.txt this album made me realize that darn record company produces , for examle , two regular albums ; two best albums ; two tribute albums ; and finally two mixture of everything under a sounds-like-new-but-actually-an-old albums from a musician . this is an example of the mixture of previously released , re-released , at last , over-released best tracks with a sounds-like-regular album title . let me tell you one thing . jp is dead and gone since rob left the band . i doubt there will be more regular jp albums but you 'll have plenty of compilations like this coming out until you stop buying 
books neg 517.txt there are plenty of math manipulatives besides a brand-name chocolate for children to use to have fun solving math problems . how about carrot or celery sticks that they can dip in nutritious yougurt ? m & ms have their own math book too . why hook children on this commercialism when there are so many healthy alternatives 
health neg 746.txt this straightener has been one of the worst i have ever used . it did n't straighten at all . i had to go over sections of my hair more than 10 times to get it at least semi straight . it did not stay straight either . &#60 ; br / & #62 ; waste of money ! ! ! do n't buy 
dvd pos 954.txt " backbeat " is an excellent portrayal of the hamburg phase of the early beatles , and succeeds on every level . although purportedly intended primarily to tell the story of " fifth beatle " stuart sutcliffe , the focus quickly shifts to john lennon who ( as in real life ) dominated the music and lives of the early beatles . it is as much the story of stu and john as the story of stu and astrid , and explores the dynamics of both complex relationships . still , it is a fascinating look at the early beatles , who paid their dues by playing in some of the rough reeperbahn bars in the pre-fame years . the cast is excellent , and were obviously chosen for their talent rather than their resemblance to the characters they portrayed . the music is also excellent , and complements the story perfectly . in all , " backbeat " is an entertaining journey through the world of the early beatles , and is well worth purchasing for repeat viewings . 
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else 
books neg 466.txt you get your money 's worth here- -there are a ton of cds in this audio book . unfortunately , i found bryson 's prose ( which i enjoyed a lot when reading silently , as i have done with his other books ) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud . to me , he sounds kind of ' affected ' in parts , and sometimes there is a sort of " moist " sound when he pronounces words . hard to describe until you hear the cd , but trust me on this one . i think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book , and not the cd . i would stick with the written word on this one . 
dvd pos 639.txt dracula . how dare you call yourself a horror fan without even seeing it ? you do n't have to like it , but damn it , you should at least see it . you can thank dracula for all the gothic imagery that 's been used time and time again in movies throughout the years , right up to this very day . you can also thank dracula for all the goth chicks running around , and that 's either a good or bad thing depending on your tastes . dracula 's not my favorite movie from universal 's golden era , but i 've seen it quite a few times in my life and will probably see it many more before i buy the farm . lugosi managed to create the dracula . they even discuss this in the documentary on the disc , but even folks who have never seen the film before instantly get the image of lugosi 's dracula in mind when someone brings the subject of dracula up . even with all the different actors who 've played the role over the years ( some turning in wonderful performances , some not so wonderful ) , they all seem to be in lugosi 's shadow somehow coz he just was dracula . lugosi gave a voice to dracula . ever do a dracula impersonation or hear someone else do one ? what voice did you ( or they ) use ? lugosi 's of course . however , i do n't think i 'd like this film half as much if it had n't had been for dwight frye as renfield . frye is rather unappreciated and never became well known outside the horror circle . he is to the character of renfield what lugosi is to dracula . sorry , tom waits just did n't cut the mustard for me . this film is many years old and probably would n't be considered frightening by a five year old kid . in fact , it most likely comes across as silly to younger folks with lugosi 's exaggerated stares , hand movements and dialogue . not to mention frye 's overacting as well . but the fact of the matter is , this movie scared the pants off people in it 's time . when was the last time modern audiences saw a film that truely frightened them ? who knows , and it 's not likely to happen again in our rather desensitized society . in fact , i doubt most modern moviegoers even have the attention span to sit through this 75 minute film . anyhow , you owe it to bela , dwight and yourself to check it out . as for the other films in the set , it 's kinda hit and miss , but none of them are bad by any means . apparently somewhere along the lines , dracula fathered two kids ( ! ) coz we have dracula 's daughter and son of dracula . neither movie is all that bad . dracula 's daughter actually tries to be a direct sequel to the original film with the daughter trying to rid herself of the vampire curse . dracula 's son on the other hand seems to enjoy the vampire lifestyle . chaney makes a decent enough vampire , but this son did n't inherit his father 's suaveness and charisma . the spanish version is a really cool gem that almost seems more atmospheric than the american version . house of dracula 's kind of the odd one out as it 's really a sequel to house of frankenstein , which itself is a sequel to frankenstein meets the wolf man . house of dracula is best viewed as a double feature with house of frankenstein . like the frankenstein and wolf man sets , this one has an interesting documentary tracing dracula from bram stoker 's novel right up to the frank langella film version . also sliming his way into this set is stephen sommers flapping his gums again about how dracula influenced his piece of crap van helsing movie . do n't ask me why i watched this feature , maybe i was looking for a reason to get pissed . anyhow , with a price tag like this and five universal classics , it certainly sold me . 
health neg 47.txt picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price . did n't do a thing for me . wipe it on , let it haze and wipe it off . no difference . 
software neg 909.txt eb own words : " unfortunately , at this time the britannica software is not compatible with windows vista . we are working on developing another version of the 2007 software that will work on windows vista and we are planning to release this version in the upcoming months . please check back with us in another month or so and we should have some more information about the vista-compatible software . but , it is entirely possible that we will not have windows vista compatible version of the 2007 product available and that we will wait until the development of the 2008 software . " they do not offer a reasonable on-line subscription 
books neg 749.txt talk about self-absorbed...i guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...i thought the man made some good points , but few are helpful to anyone in the real world ( or outside the newspaper business ) . nausea sets in after the second chapter . neuharth will die an old , lonely , rich man . respected by many , hated by nearly all . luckily , i did n't have to sit through this entire book . i put it down quickly 
software neg 706.txt i brought the software beleiving that it would help me with my scrapbooking . it has very limited graphics and templates to work with . i would not recomend this software package . also the journaling sucks as well . even when you start a product from scratch the software is n't user friendly with very little guidence . as stated before 1 star is to much . 
health neg 226.txt the mirror did not work , the lights and clock did not work and i did contact the seller who told me to send it back but since the mirror had been taken out of the box and the box was totally messed up , i would have to get a new box and take it to the ups place to send it which would have cost me about another $10 and quite frankly , it was just not worth the time nor the money 
dvd neg 32.txt the most simple definition of [...] is sexual gratuitousness . sexual imaging for the sake of turning people on , not providing anything pertinent to the plot . you ca n't help but get a porno feel while watching bully . and to think i was supposed to be viewing a film about teenage revenge on the local bully ; but it turns out to be a soft porn version of how vapid teenagers waste away their lives with a little killing thrown in . was it really necessary to show a shot of a girl 's crotch while she 's driving a car ? was it necessary to have a sex scene or nudity scene or drug scene every 3 minutes ? you ca n't help but see the director as a pervert who is more preoccupied with sex and street cred grittiness than telling a good story . the very first scene is of a guy having phone sex . several things about this movie other than the [...] made me mad : 1. you 're planning to kill somebody , then proceed to tell everybody , including the waitress at pizza hut what you 're planning . 2. after you kill , you 're so afraid of being caught that you proceed to put more suspicion on yourself by acting very strange and telling even more people what you did . 3. which makes more sense ? to decide to kill a guy because he disrespects you and beats you up occasionally and has sex with your girlfriend , or , to stop hanging out with him completely and stop lending your girlfriend out like a wh-ore . bobby never put a gun to the guy 's head to make him hang out with him , yet murder was the only option ? 4. i ca n't believe mr. wimp who never fights back can all of a sudden muster the strength to slit a guy 's throat while he 's staring him blankly in the face begging for his life . 5. all of the characters 
camera neg 702.txt i bought this product from a nearby retailer . the packaging is deceptive . the photoframe must be plugged into an external power source or you must buy a uniquely designed battery from the manufacturer . the battery is $35.00 with shipping , and it is poorly designed so that when installed the battery case rubs the connector wiring . this frame has no on-board memory , so to use it you must have one of the two types of memory it accepts . this is an additional expense . after purchasing the photoframe i discovered the plastic frame was chipped and the device did not perform as the instructions said it should . i took it back to the store and opened eight boxes before i found one which had an unbroken frame . i took that photoframe home and discovered the device would not work as the instructions described . i then went to another of the retailers ' locations to exchange the device ( the original location had shipped their entire inventory back to the manufacturer ) . with the retailer 's very helpful clerks i tested three more photoco photoframe devices , none of them worked as described ( they would not scroll through and album of photos ) . i returned the item to the retailer and received a full refund for the device , then by email i requested a refund for the price of the battery . photoco replied that if i sent them the battery they would refund its price . i mailed the battery on may 6 , and then inquired about my refund on may 14. photoco replied that the only employee who could process the refund was out sick . on 3 / 17 i sent an email demanding immediate processing of my refund . photoco said that my credit had been processed but that i might not see the credit for 7 to 10 days . i still have not received my credit for the battery . if you want to avoid a headach , avoid doing business with this company . read the other reviews before considering this product 
health neg 367.txt i bought two of these pieces of junk , and believe me they do not work unless your room is about 3 feet by 3 feet by 3 feet . it recirculates the same air over and over in a tiny area ! when they say it cleans 700 cubic feet per hour , that is simply what the fan can move per hour not what it actually will clean in a 10 foot by 10 foot by 7 foot room . the fan is so weak at full speed you can barely feel it . really it is sucking in air through the bottom and blowing it out at the top . both the inlet and outlet are facing the same side so you are basically recirculating most of the same air over and over again . this thing would need to be 7 feet tall to really work well . in a hospital they have huge systems that move the air past larger arrays of bulbs . so here you are sitting in a room with your kids coughing on one side and this thing recirculating the same air over and over again , in a little tiny airspace , what a great deal . just be ready to buy 10 of them per room . maybe you can try hanging 5 on the celiing and putting 5 on the floor of a 4 ' x5 ' bathroom and it might work in a week . do yourself a favor , and buy a machine that has more uv light bulbs , and has a greater airflow so all the air in a room is moving and all of the air in the room goes through the filter . i gave it a one because it looks nifty . 
dvd neg 242.txt how could mr. cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody ? the production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos , but the script and dialogue are so banal , the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another . ( including leo , who was so good in " what 's eating gilbert grape ? " in 1993 when i did n't yet know who he was , i thought he was really a cute little retarded kid.. . yet in " titanic " , there 's just nothing there- - - or nothing permitted ) . talk about a ship wreck ! ! only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying oscar wins / nominations . 
health neg 736.txt same as the other review . the thermometer will not turn on . i wo n't change the battery because i do n't think i should have to pay for it if i bought a brand new product . i will return it and buy a better thermometer 
music pos 543.txt in august 1969 five session singers were invited to form a new session group . main singer was tony burrows of ivy league and flowerpot men fame . the first success came with the second single united we stand . this cd collects together the three us hits of the session group plus the only us hit of the group that was the face of the session group in concert during 1971-1973 and that would become the second outfit of the group , the eurovision winning song save your kisses for me . the rest of the songs are a mix of songs from this second outfit 1974-1980. this outfit is still on tour at the end of the centur 
software pos 11.txt this is a good inexpensive gps system . it does a good job of tracking your location . the map is excellent . the labeling is not as good as the previous version . poi finder is top notch 
dvd neg 369.txt i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out " helpful " votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned . the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of " blue lagoon " from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading . i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n't seem to ring true . having said that , i agree with some of richard burt 's review comments that " historical accuracy " may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse / conflicting interests in most people , especially artists . one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , " no one dies of sorrow . " while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i 've encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in " angels in america " says , " the body is the garden of the soul . " sorrow is worth full attention . the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia 's loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply " good " or " bad " ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence . artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father 's drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society . may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties . compare caravaggio 's " judith beheading holofernes " to artemisia 's version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc. ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia 's paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that 's why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions 
dvd pos 858.txt i had heard about this flick being talked about as the chinese charlie 's angels . it took me a while but i finally popped it in . wow , this has to be on of the coolest movies i have seen in a while . i was expecting a chick flick but maybe that is why i liked it so much . the story is about these 2 women who have kind of a stupid backround story but what they do now is assasinate people for a living . sweet ! i am not going to lie , i was n't paying attention to the story what so ever the first time i saw this because of how hot these women are . add in a super hot cop who wants to take them down , and you have yourself one of the funnest movie ever . all of these girls know martial arts , or at least they can put their legs up really high and director corey yuen puts in some of the best wirework i have seen . this movie certainly is n't going to win any awards for it 's high amount of cheese injected in the plot but it is a movie that i wish i could fill my room with about 100 diffrerent screen shot posters . so on top of this being an amazingly fun movie , yasuaki kurata shows up for the finale ! ! ! ! ! ! ! corey yuen goes all out with this one and puts together truly one of the best screen battles of all time that will rival any old school kung fu movie . if you have seen some of coery 's 80 's stuff like yes madam or even the newer fong sai yuk then get ready to be taken back some years when corey did some of the best action sequences in the history of cinema ( example:ninja in the dragon 's den ) . kurata plays a great character in my favorite movie ever , legend of a fighter which was made in 1981. well at 56 years old he looks just as good ! ! ! ! i was so amazed by this movie i have watched it 3 nights in a row and i will continue this routine for a while : ) the picture quality on the columbia tristar version is perfect and has pretty well written subtitles . also good 5.1 sound , cantonese track , the original mandarin track , and a horrible english dub . 
camera pos 788.txt fall through spring i always carry my r817 in coat pocket when i go out . this jacket fits my camera like a glove . allows access to all controls and lcd display through clear , heavy duty plastic film , once flap is opened . open flap allows lens to zoom while still protecting rest of camera . only time i zip open jacket is to remove memory chip or change battery , otherwise , i just leave jacket on camera at all times . 
dvd neg 710.txt pick any house on any street . pick any random two people ( man and woman ) , give them a script and let them go wild . i promise you could make this movie work better than the producers . nothing in this movie stood out and everything about it was boring . the acting and settings in this movie are just horrible . by the end you want everyone to die just to become interested . now , i do n't usually give bad ratings and i really like " b " horror films , but the lack of effort here is unbelievable . just nothing to interest me 
health neg 846.txt ewww ewww get it off get it off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! omigod i loved hugo so much i 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well . this is just terrible . i 'm taking a shower . look for my posting of this cheap...i 've already taken a loss . i have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . i like most of them 
dvd pos 575.txt for ina claire ninotchka was a last chance to show posterity what she could do , for there would n't be many film opportunities offered her . she 'd been a leading lady of the stage for nigh on thirty years , and her elegant beauty , very much a high-bred dina merrill type look , was still aglow . she was one of carl van vechten 's favorite subjects and he took photo after photo of her , staring imperiously against a wall of baize , or reclining on a lace pillow as fleecy as her beautiful blonde hair . she suffered the ultimate indignity the following year at mgm , when her part in i take this woman was taken away from her and given to the cheaper verree teasdale . her director , josef von sternberg was also let go , and in fact the whole picture was redone so many times studio wags called it i re-take this woman ! the " woman " in question was hedy lamarr ; after ina claire 's hilarious showdowns with garbo in ninotchka , the studio might have thought her perfect for the part of lamarr 's central european rival . a year or so later , and edmund goulding put her to work as dorothy mcguire 's mother in the charming , underrated claudia , but that is definitely a mother part and as such , put an end to ina claire 's film career . as the countess " swana " she gets lots of billy wilder 's best lines and laughs . she 's not afraid of anyone , much less garbo . much has been written about the chemistry between garbo and melvyn douglas , indeed a delightful mix , but the picture would have lacked a lot of its edge without swana 's steely , icy hauteur and her adroit manipulations . in real life ina claire lived on to a great old age . she was 92 when the last curtain fell for her , and here in san francisco , where she spent most of her life , all the lights in her building went off for an hour , precisely at 8:30 , while her fans stood on the street , devoted and vigilant in our own way as the fans surrounding the dakota hotel when john lennon died 
books neg 735.txt overall , i found this book disappointing . in its defense , its basic thesis of the movement of jewish american orthodoxy towards the ` right ' ( more closed and intensely religious ) is interesting , and i am sure accurate , and heilman 's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched . however , i was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray hareidi society through the prism of its own value system , or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all . heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader , and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations . examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture . hareidi society has its own worldview which , although too complex to elaborate on here , has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values , reasons which heilman completely disparages or ignores . ( for an example of a book that is not written by a religious author , yet is able to appreciate hareidim from their own perspective try " real jews " by noah efron ) . in general , i found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct ( i.e. a defensive reaction to the holocaust ) to be grossly insensitive to the hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition . the latter half of the book i found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information . for example the juxtaposition of poster a condemning something to a poster advertising b implies that poster a is condemning b as well . or two posters ( put out by the same company ) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music . in conclusion , although i eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent , my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information . 
software neg 268.txt do not order this . tech support from broderbund is basically non-existant . one sorry product 
camera pos 63.txt i purchased the canon off camera shoe cord to use with the canon ex 580 for weddings . i needed the cord to use the flash on a braket to avoid red eye . it does what it 's supposed to . no complaints . 
camera pos 4.txt price went up ! ! ! great value for money spent . will be buying a " ball " attachment for better adjustability . got some great steady shots with 48x digital zoom with the canon s2 i 
dvd neg 859.txt for better or worse , after the relative box-office slump of on her majesty 's secret service , producers brocolli and saltzman decided to woo sean connery back to do one more film for an amazing sum . connery , who had said he would never do another bond film , donated all of his money to his own foundation . while his performance is competent and smooth as ever , he seems all business . no longer in love with the character and having realized long before that the character was stagnant , connery mechanically works his way through diamonds are forever , an outright bore of the bond series and , in my opinion , one of the worst ( certainly connery 's worst ) . while some have tried to save the film by arguing that it is a parody of the bond genre , it plainly isn't . it was an attempt to return bond to his former glory days and generate profit for the producers . far from trying to lampoon the bond formula , the producers were trying to resuscitate it . and they failed . after the opening " gun barrel " sequence , we quickly find bond on a personal mission to kill blofeld once and for all after the death of bond 's only true wife ( discounting the false marriage in you only live twice ) in on her majesty 's secret service . ( at least , this is what we must assume , since no mention of the marriage is made in diamonds are forever ) . bond catches blofeld in the process of producing clones for himself in an underground laboratory and , after a couple of struggles with both blofeld and a duplicate , bond drowns blofeld in a vat of mud . it is a very short and quick opening teaser and immediately runs into the titles sequence . the titles involves various diamonds , slowly revealed to be various pieces jewelry worn by beautiful women , all set to the title song sung by shirley bassey ( who also sang the goldfinger title ) . the plot of diamonds are forever is quite strange . in an opening similar to goldfinger , we learn that large quantities of south african diamonds have been smuggled recently and yet , surprisingly , have not made their way to the market . worried that the diamonds will be released in order to inflate the diamond market , bond is sent in to infiltrate the smuggling operation , disguised as peter franks . bond quickly succeeds , meeting up with tiffany case ( jill st. john ) , an attractive diamond smuggler who is suspicious of bond 's identity . bond 's mission is almost compromised from the start when the real peter franks makes an entrance , forcing bond to fight him in a terrific elevator sequence that is reminiscent of the train fight in from russia with love . after a smuggling attempt goes awry ( thanks to bond ) , bond is discovered and learns of the real purpose of the operation he is infiltrating . it turns out that blofeld is behind it all ( bond killed only two duplicates in the opening teaser ) ! blofeld has been smuggling diamonds to create a laser satellite that is capable of destroying anything on earth . blofeld has been hiding his operation by posing as recluse willard whyte ( jimmy dean ) , whom he has secretly kidnapped unbeknownst to the world , and using whyte 's resources and industrial facilities to manufacture his powerful laser . blofeld plans to destroy various nuclear installations in america , russia , and china . the purpose ? blofeld is organizing an international auction , offering nuclear supremacy to the highest bidder ! will bond be able to stop him in time ? diamonds are forever feels like a film that was stitched together , rather poorly , from a myriad of interesting elements . one feels that the producers had a bunch of ideas on the cutting floor and attempted to piece them together into a logical story order . the infiltration of a smuggling ring , the wonderful fight sequence in the elevator , the quirky and gay hitmen mr. wint ( bruce glover ) and mr. kidd ( putter smith ) , a not-so-subtle rendition of the famous las vegas recluse howard hughes , a fight on an oil rig , et cetera . all of these elements are fairly interesting in their own right , but the combination does n't yield what the producers were hoping for . what is it about this film that feels so ridiculous ? one of the major problems , in my opinion , is situating bond in las vegas . bond in america is dull . his class , wit , and sophistication are only cheapened when placed in the cheesy context of las vegas in the 1970s . bond is supposed to take us to exotic locations- -not to a strip club . furthermore , the action is not quite on par with the rest of the series . i think everyone will agree that the chase scene in which bond escapes through the desert on a moon buggy is absurd . the chase is boring , the buggy looks ridiculous and prop-esque , and there is no suspense . the climactic fight on the oil rig is equally boring . sure , we have a big set and big explosions . but there is no cutting edge stuff here . connery , as mentioned , looks very tired here . tiffany case is a bit refreshing , but quickly becomes dim-witted and dull . and the bond girl with the clever name , plenty o'toole ( lana wood ) is only in the film for all of five minutes . blofeld is now played by charles gray , who first made his appearance as bond 's japan contact in you only live twice . gray 's performance takes blofeld back to the ridiculousness of you only live twice , even appearing in drag at one point . there is n't much more to say . the acting is dead in diamonds are forever . now , some have tried to defend diamonds are forever by claiming that the film is an outright attempt to make a parody of the bond genre . after producing six bond films , the producers were ready to lampoon their own creation and move bond into the roger moore pun-fest the series would eventually become . while this certainly seems to create an outlet for the film , it seems plainly false . if you watch the " making of " documentary on the ultimate edition , it is clear that everyone thought they were making a real bond flick and not a parody . the producers were trying to bring the series back to its former glory days and to produce big box-office success . they were not trying to create a subtle piece that exposed the hilarious features of the bond formula . anyone claiming otherwise is just engaging in wishful thinking and rationalization . this film stinks . let 's get over it . ultimately , i think you should skip diamonds are forever . the only reason to see it is if you are a completist about the series and desire to watch them in order . it is an awkward insert into the series during the transition between sean connery and roger moore . the ultimate edition does have crisp picture and sound . if you must struggle through the film , make sure to get this edition because it is at least watchable . but if you only desire to watch the better bond films , skip it . diamonds may be forever , but this film died a long time ago . 
camera pos 192.txt although this is a good batch of accessories , the camera case itself is a little unhandy at times . it has no carry strap - - the camera strap sticks out through a slit in the top . so , if you want to carry the case by a strap and you decide to take a picture , you must open the case , pull the camera 's strap through the slit , then lift the camera out . it would not keep me from buying this but it does make it unhandy 
camera neg 276.txt i got mine today , and it is being returned today . i had high hopes , given the reviews so far and the supposed improvement in low light sensitivity . i was hoping for an all-in-one device for stills and video . here 's my results : 1 ) stills . pictures are not too bad , but do not compare with a similar 7mp canon sd500 which i own . the zoom works well , focusing is ok , but slow . the pictures themselves have quite a bit of noticeable noise in them , flash or not , like they are all taken at a high iso setting on a regular digital cam . so slight disappointment here . 2 ) video . if this is improved low light sensitivity , i would not have liked to see the results on the hd1 ! video does not even come close to comparing to my regular sony dv camera . focusing is hit or miss , and shake is much more evident at high zoom than with my sony . i really was hoping for the be all end all combo device , but the hd2 does neither very well . ergonomically it is beautiful and fits in one hand very well . the finish is great and the buttons are well placed . but it does n't justify the price or quality misses on the photos and video themselves 
health neg 246.txt in two minutes it flucuated over 5 pounds . do n't waste your money . the 11$ sunbeam dial scale is more accurate 
health pos 425.txt it works so great . i broke my left wrist and was in a cast for nine weeks . i will be using the stand after i can use my left wrist . it is very sturdy and adjust to different hights 
music neg 270.txt [first of all : i only gave this one star because the rating does n't let you go any lower] i only listened to this album because someone who was utterly disgusted with it threw it on the floor and stomped on it , leaving me to pick it up . i proceeded to suffer through it so i could give you fair warning . if you buy this , consider yourself warned 
health pos 486.txt i 've only used the kit once , and it did what it was supposed to . no problems , everything went fine , and i intend to use it again within about a month . it should pay for itself very quickly 
dvd neg 797.txt just ca n't believe that someone ... with that much money could put out a piece of crap like this ! ! so so disappointing paul ! ! we need a direct live show no film ! and direct to dvd without 90% of audience.. . pauls pretty taken with his old self ! ! nice dye job 
books neg 834.txt i must agree with some other reviewers of this book , and say that it is a very dry list of factual data , interspersed with bill wyman 's moans and boasts . his gripe with allan klein about money seems to be quite valid , but he mentions it about a thousand times . mick and keith get quite a pasting - again it seems quite valid , but do we need to hear it so many times ? bill opines that keith richard 's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band . listen to his only self-penned stones track of the 60s , on & quot ; satanic majesties&quot ; , and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion - his voice is far weaker , and his songwriting at that time was also inferior . the book seems to be more authoritative on dates , but we can only take bill 's accuracy on faith . my knowledge of the stones is not enormous , but even i can see some big factual errors . for example he tells us that neither taj mahal nor marianne faithfull recorded songs for the & quot ; rock n roll circus&quot ; . a recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong . as another reviewer rightly said , marianne faithfull 's autobiog is a much better read 
music pos 34.txt i picked this up in a bootleg store in korea a few years back , since it was cheap , and i had loved the movie ( perhaps more so than any other of mallicks 's others , even - speaking of which , if you get a chance to see badlands on the big screen , do yourself a huge favour and do so ) . as i recall , i did n't really enjoy it on first listen . but then , somehow , i got sucked in . almost as much as the film itself , this is a hypnotic , haunting slice of poetry . nothing happens for about a minute , and then it builds and builds . unforgettable , otherwordly and quite beguiling . the structure of the soundtrack ( especially the songs toward the end featuring polynesian gospel-style singing ) is strongly reminiscent of the mike oldfield cd , ' songs of distant earth' . highly recommended , but do give it a couple of listens , because it might take a while to make its charms felt 
software neg 549.txt i tried to use this program to file a very simple return , and it calculated that i owed the state $550 for underpayment , as well as a $230 penalty for late payment . i tried working through the program several times to find the error . i found that the program was automatically checking boxes that i had n't checked ! i have no idea if that was the cause of the underpayment problem , which i was not able to resolve . in frustration , i went to [...] and filed my return easily within an hour , with a $140 return from the state rather than a $780 penalty 
camera neg 783.txt this scope is not a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . here 's why : 1. the objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . i suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . the planets will appear as very small disks . one will be able to see saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2. the mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . the earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . a better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects . 3. the 4mm eyepiece is too powerful for this scope . the observer will find it hard to look through ( very small eye opening ) , and will in most cases cause blurred images . the 20 mm eyepiece is the only functional eyepiece . the barlow is a 3x , which again is too poweerful for this scope . 4. the mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to " shiver " , which is very frustrating . even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . save your money for a larger scope with a better mount . jim " konedog " koenig , astronomy buf 
music neg 289.txt i wo n't dispute emmylou 's wonderful voice and mark knopfler 's superb guitar playing but this album just did n't cut it for me . pretty lame , about as likely as hank and phoebe snow 
dvd pos 259.txt capsule monsters is a new game that requires capsule shooter . yugi must save the world from a new evil . but first he must master this new game . yugi is on a quest to keep a power from falling into the hands of evil . this dvd only contains part 1 of the movie . part 2 will be release some time in september . so if you love the first yu-gi-oh . you will definitely wo n't to see this movie . bonus features deleted scenes capsule monster trailers 
health pos 589.txt i just started taking this pill because i do n't have time to eat at the job i was previously at . it helped a lot ! ! i did lose 8 pound in 1 week . but when i started an office job , i had more than enough time to eat , but i still kept up with taking the pill . it helps with my hunger , it really does . i used to be so hungry and fill up my plate more than i can eat ! now since taking this pill i am sensible with my portions and do not rush to eat as if i 'm starving like before . i agree with one of the reviews , if you still eat when you 're not hungry , this pill will not help you . you have to have the in mind that you want to help yourself eat better , slower and sensible portions . 
software neg 280.txt systemworks continues to grow , taking ore hard drive space and messing with more stuff on your computer , and i 'm likely to buy an alternative next time i update . note it stops working entirely if you install upgrades to your computer - a new hard drive , motherboard , or processor and symantec requires you to spend a fortune on another copy . i like the basic functions , but there 's too much baggage to recommend this product anymore 
music neg 618.txt i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them 
books neg 420.txt this book was very boring . details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . this book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . a poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book . what does that show about the book ? 
health pos 849.txt this is exactly what i needed for my macbook computer . it 's comfortable and keeps my laptop from sliding around . great 
health pos 262.txt i use this product all the time . it was becoming hard to find in department stores , but i found it available and cheaper online . i 'm very happy . 
software neg 137.txt this dude is selling info that you can learn from anyone with very limited computer knowledge . all of the same info is on the net for free . this product exists for one purpose.. . to steal from you . this pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . he could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product.. . but scams seem to be his thing . avoid ! ! this is the worst company that i have ever delt with in my entire life . this john guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . he is an embarrasement to his company and his family . at least a mugger steals from me face to face.. . this snake is sneaky about it 
music neg 277.txt with much anticipation we awaited the arrival of clay 's second album , thinking this one would make the career of one of our favorite singers.. . and instead we fear that it is likely to end his career . while clay 's voice still sounds great , the cd is an entire collection of uninspired , underproduced remakes ... not one of which goes beyond the original . as you can see , this cd is nowhere on the billboard charts , and we 're very sad to say in our household , that it 's for good reason . save your money and buy one of the much better idol cds ... and almost any of them are , most recently kelly pickler and carrie underwood . 
books neg 365.txt mr. shirley sneaks into iran , hiding in the box of a truck , where he should have stayed . he spends 3 or 4 days in iran , most of it trying not to be seen . he walks around for a few hours . he speaks to 3 or 4 truckdrivers , 2 or 3 shopkeepers , and a few assorted others , from which he assembles a complete picture and understanding of the political and social infrastructure of iran . along the way he explains , on just about every other page , how the cia is a complete failure in every facet of it 's existence , how all the career people in it 's employ are arrogant idiots who are devoid of all compassion and intellect . he explains each of the cia 's mistakes , along with his explanation of what they ought to have done . he is , of course , ex cia himself , having left it because no one there understood anything about anything 
software neg 410.txt it will not work in my windows xp . i have repeatedly asked for help ; no one answers . finally , i was told to look it up on a databank . if you have nothing but time on your hands maybe this is for you...but if you work for a living , you 've been had by this company encoreusa 
books neg 139.txt first let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail.. . he does not . he hikes less than a third . you dont find this out until 2 / 3 through the book , which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad , to an ill effort to fulfill a contract . my conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher , could not , and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics . as others have said in this review forum . this book can be snide , highschoolish and down right mean . i fail to see the " wit " in his endless negitivity and bashing . this book has a few funny parts , but i cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events , and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments . it is so unbelievible in places , that you know you are on an imagined tangent . dont waste your money or time . i am so happy i bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale ! 
health pos 418.txt works like a charm . it is absolutely worth the price . i would buy another in a heartbeat 
camera pos 684.txt i purchased the axion 10.4 " frame for my wife to replace a defective polaroid frame from a different source . the axion stacked up quite nicely to the other " more expensive " frame . the axion is viewable from more angles than the polaroid frame with a cheaper price tag . quality of the display is better on the axion and we have not had any technical issues . pros : brightness control color and contrast of display ease of setup and operation good sound from speakers on music playback cons : slide show transitions are from top to bottom only . different transitions would be a nice feature . remote does not control volume of music . overall the advantages of this frame outweigh the disadvantages . we have been very happy overall with this purchase 
music pos 565.txt buy this cd now if you do n't have it , it is an instant classic . the beats are banging , and fit cougnut and c-fresh 's lyrics perfectly . the lyrics are tight , and touch on many different things . & quot ; the last breath&quot ; is real life song about death and injustice , and decisions we all have to make in life . & quot ; protect what you hustle fo&quot ; is gangsta , about the individual struggle / hustle . & quot ; tell me something good&quot ; ( remix ) is even better than the west coast bad boyz version with master p . its about real life in the ghetto 
books pos 759.txt our family has enjoyed this a lot , since we take a lot of trips in our rv . great way to entertain on the road . we really liked the questions about pop music and movies , also some great questions about the us presidents . very entertaining , clever 
software pos 597.txt this always was a microsoft good program , who needs know how be and for where , this is a good choic 
dvd pos 390.txt i 'll start out by saying that i prefer the jason movies . i think the whole body count is a fun way to watch a horror movie . the freddy movies are good horror movies , but they 're not really slashers like i thought they would be . - a nightmare on elm street - a great , classic horror movie by wes craven . he creates good high school characters , although trying to prove that they 're only 15 years old is a little far-fetched . freddy is more horrific and scary , he does n't say much . - a nightmare on elm street 2 : freddy 's revenge - they were asking for it when they completely changed the style and rules of freddy in this sequel . many will disagree , but i do n't think it 's a bad movie , it 's just very dark and horrific . - a nightmare on elm street 3 : dream warriors - definately a step up from part 2. it goes back to the roots of the original film and brings back nancy , who is now studying dreams and sleep in a mental hospital . the style brings us back to the original movie with the same rules and objectives . - a nightmare on elm street 4 : the dream master - decent entry in the series carrying over characters from #3 and introducing all new characters . the story does n't flow as easily this time around and it 's a step down from part 3 , but still good . - a nightmare on elm street 5 : the dream child - stephen hopkins ' visual style makes this the best sequel in the series . freddy is hilarious and the special effects are great . the story is more interesting than part 4 and the characters have matured since that movie which is good . - freddy 's dead - the final nightmare - cheesy storyline trying to tell us that in 10 years there will be no kids left in an american town ? rachel talalay thinks the 3-d effects in the film are lame , but not that story element ? if it were n't for the interesting backstory on freddy , this would n't be a good movie . - wes craven 's new nightare - wes craven did succeed in making an interesting and well made horror movie here , but it is a little strange to include it in the rest of the series . better watched on its own and not consecutively with the other movies . - nightmare encyclopedia - alot of interviews that are n't edited very interestingly make for a decent special features disk . it 's good to see that these interview are n't self serving at all and they 're completely retrospective , it would 've been nice to hear more from heather langenkamp , or possibly johnny depp ? this is a great set for extreme fans and a good set for casual fans . i 'm a huge fan of the alien series and a pretty big fan of the predator series , but not as much as alien . i would say that i 'm now a huge fan of jason and a good sized fan of freddy in comparison to alien / predator . i do recommend these movies , but this enormous box with annoying cardboard cases is outdated for today 
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one 
health neg 301.txt sleepmd did not work for me and in fact kept me awake most of the night . the next day i felt horrible , partly because i got no sleep and partly because i had been ripped off for $20. i threw the pills in the trash and will never purchase any md product again . 
health pos 668.txt saw this product , or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in cairns , australia . it was selling for about $70 australia dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to us$. i came back to u.s. and found it on amazon for $15.99 , with free ship if i purchased $30. so , i bought two......one for myself , one for my husband ! it is wonderful ! we wear contacts for distance , so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks , less the neckchains , which always used to get tangled . it 's an ingenius invention 
camera neg 264.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there . 
camera neg 270.txt unless you take picture outside , no matter what you do , the picture comes out blurry . flash does n't help at all - it takes more than 5 seconds for it to take a picture , and you still get a blurry picture with horrible quality indoors . my sister had a camera from olympus , with 5 megapixel and 3x zoom too , but i found it so much easier to take a picture ( and a better one too ) with that one . unless you want to buy your 5th grader his / her toy camera , you should n't consider nikon 5600. 
software neg 520.txt the new product release is worthless - too buggy and slow to work . the previous releases were ok - they did find some malware and removed it , without interference in our system . however , despite the cute-sy interface , there are other software programs that provide the same ( or better ) anti-malware support . most importantly , this company has some shady business practices ( like hidden yearly automatic renewal charges , installing google toolbar with download , etc ) and no way to contact them directly other than their online contact form which never receives a response . check out the better business bureau to see their " unsatisfactory " report . i am currently disputing a charge from this company on my debit card and have had huge problems - so far i have only been able to speak with bridget at their third-party billing company who says they are not able to provide assistance with my complaint . there are other , more reputable companies to work with . this type of software is not worth the hassle 
camera pos 839.txt due to a canoe accident on vacation , mine went completely underwater for at least 5-10 seconds . but - only a trickle of water got inside . once that dried out , much to my surprise , both the af and vr functions worked fine . all that 's left is two small water spots on the inside of the objective lens ( okavango delta water is clean ! ) . do n't try this at home . next time i 'm even near a canoe , i 'll have everything in dry bags . 
books neg 783.txt from the cover and a quick glances at some of the colorful photo filled chapters , this book seem promising at first . but the cliched saying of never judge a book by its cover has taken its toll . this book provides marginal advice on how to -potentially - make a profit from the wonderful world of digital photography , however , it fails to give any real world working model on how this can be accomplished . most of the marginally useful advices and sales model , i.e. pricing structure on stock photos , are based on the author 's own personal preference and experience , rather than taking into account the wide breadth of pricing methods that exist in the real world of photography . this is a great book for amateurs that are trying to break into the business of selling their prints from an outline or a strict table-of-content perspective of the available methods and channels of distribution to target , e.g. card stock , stock photo , art fairs , etc. most of topics cover seem to be more ' theoretical ' than actual real-world hands down information and the author seems to expend more time , energy and care in expressing his disdain ( with a condescending overtone , might i add ) toward enthusiastic amateurs that aim to make it big and quick . his favorite recurring adjectives for such amateurs includes , but certainly are not limited to : prima donnas , pretentious , and pretend aficionado . heller may be a [self-aggrandizing] professional photographer , but anyone with such high caliber should be more helpful , than pompous or supercilious . remember heller , you were an amateur at one point too . further more , heller likes to take a seemingly interesting idea , get your hopes up and then tell you why you should n't pursue it because the odds are just too high against you . bottomline : if you are serious about licensing your photographs for use , then this book does not really cover the core foundations that you need to get your feet wet . on the otherhand , if you want to take a look at what you can do to -potentially - make a profit from your hobby , then this book basically gives you an -general - idea . i 'd give this book a 1-star for the lack of usable information and the author 's cockiness , but it does contain some interesting theories and sales model to warrant a 2-star rating 
music neg 380.txt i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end 
dvd pos 193.txt the synopsis ... sam and jonah baldwin , father and son , have lost the most important woman in their lives to cancer . seeking to escape from the painful memories that lurk in every nook and cranny of chicago , they move to seattle . eighteen months later , jonah can sense that his dad is still sad ; and , in desperation calls a nationally syndicated radio self-help guru on christmas eve to wish for his father a new wife . annie reed lives in baltimore and is engaged to walter . their relationship , while loving and comfortable , is entirely devoid of romantic sparks . when annie hears jonah 's soulful plea on the radio , it 's as if her heart has been touched by " magic " and she is determined to find out why she feels so powerfully drawn to sam and his son ... even if it means traveling across " like 26 states " . the critique ... sleepless in seattle is a brilliantly simple film ; that 's what makes it so great . to quote nora ephron , " it is n't a movie about love , it 's a movie about love in the movies . " to emphasize this point , she incorporates various parallel references to " an affair to remember " throughout the film ; but , sleepless is also a movie about our genuine romantic fantasies and sentimental ideals about falling in love ( which , let 's admit it , have been undeniably shaped by what we 've seen on the silver screen ) . the script is refreshingly candid , yet endearing and nora ephron 's direction is impeccable . ross malinger , cast as jonah baldwin , is the youngest and most notable talent in the film . he does an excellent job of portraying the quintessential eight-year-old ; he 's impulsive , moody and thinks he knows it all . ( i speak from experience here folks ; i currently have a son that age . ) he and tom hanks come together flawlessly as father and son ; so successfully in fact , that they would be utterly convincing off screen . the chemistry between meg ryan and tom hanks is equally amazing , which is no small achievement considering the fact that they rarely appear together in a scene . the supporting cast is brimming with talent and includes rosie o'donnell , bill pullman , rita wilson , rob reiner , david hyde pierce , and a young gaby hoffmann . families with younger children will appreciate the film 's integrity ; there is very little foul language ( " god damn it " and " ... it scared the shit out of me ... " being the worst of it ) and no " sexual content " to be wary of . all around , this is a winning film . one that i find myself watching over and over and over again . the dvd ... for a 10th anniversary edition , the special features are few and rather disappointing . you 've got your basic director commentary , a music video ( " when i fall in love " by celine dion & clive griffin ) , and a " love in the movies " featurette . this last piece is approximately 15 minutes long . it features the director , producers , actors and the hosts of loveline : drew pinsky and adam carolla ( why they are included , i do n't know ) talking about " love in the movies . " there are some interesting interview segments with an empire state building historian and some very beautiful shots of the new york skyline before 9 / 11 ; but there 's certainly nothing here to write home about . by far , the most exciting feature is that you can choose your aspect ratio . ( and honestly , how exciting is that ? ) this a dvd that you buy for the film alone . 
software pos 358.txt before purchasing this product i did the trial of photoshop for 30 days and then the trial of this one . paint shop pro ( psp ) won hands down ! while they both have similar features , the learning curve on photoshop is ridiculous...psp is so intuitive , you can figure out most of the features on your won , but the help feature is great...side by side help as you click through the menus and buttons . i was impressed ! the red-eye fix is excellent and flexible , with ability to change to pet eye , different eye colors , wow , there is just so much and all ready to use out of the box without any complicated aftermarket manuals needed . i have restored some antique photos with very impressive results . so far i have not had the instability issues that others cite , but my pc is heavy on the graphics capability and memory , perhaps that helps . 
software pos 347.txt office 2007 is a nice step up from office 2003 ( and earlier ) as it has better visuals on the toolbar . e.g. instead of just seeing the worded commands on the toolbar where one clicks on the command and then gets a drop down list to choose from with more commands , i.e. file , tools , edit , etc , you 'll see tabs with different commands on the toolbar . when clicking on the tabs , it sets up across the toolbar , all of the functions of that particular tab . once viewed , you not only see the words of the functions , but also , small example graphs and images of what that functions does . this only applies to all the applications other than outlook , which pretty much retained the same look and feel as 2003 the load times seem to be much quicker than what i had in the 2003 version . in outlook , setting up accounts , maintaining names and addresses is much easier too . the only annoying part of office 2007 that comes to mind is , one can only choose from 3 color schemes . the three are " black " which really looks more like a dark taupe or slate color , " blue " which looks more like a light powder blue and " silver " , which looks like a light gray . in my honest opinion , i like having the standard color look like previous versions and as my taste goes with this , i only like the black setup only 
books neg 943.txt i seem to be in the minority , but i did not enjoy this book at all . the main character is , of course , the " only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf " but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness . i felt the plot got swallowed up by the author 's need to self-insert and ' play ' in her world , and the only reason i finished this book was that i was on a plane and had nothing else to do . the plot fishtails several times , and is n't all that interesting to start with . in short , i was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general , and will likely skip her books in the future 
dvd pos 233.txt not a fan of graphic novels or cgi , i was fully prepared to dislike this movie , but found it to be so well written , cast and shot that i will no doubt buy it for my collection . it 's a dark movie , subversive really , but carries a strong message that tyranny will not long survive the will of the people , that one strong person with a will , determination and the cleverness to use the tools of the corrupt against them , can turn the tide . it 's a powerful message , and it 's beautifully displayed with imaginative imagery , symbolism and script . bravo 
books neg 560.txt well , the fact that i 'm writing a review about this book , while it 's sitting open on my desk next to my computer , open and not being read , might be some evidence of how i 'm enjoying this book . this book just goes on and on in complex an unclear language about a subject which should n't be so difficult . this book is not clear or easy to understand at all . every sentence is awkward and followed by a footnote , and the masses of footnotes together take up half of each page ( ! ) , making this work look like a research project for a phd publication . i have the casebook in this series , and sometimes it seems reading the cases alone will bring more clarity . and it turns to be true ! this book might be good if you 're advanted-contracts and want to know every little detail , or as an advanced reference later on , to look something up like in an encyclopedia . some concepts , which should be pretty clear just get too in-depth coverage in this book . it 's too complex for a first-year student . sometimes it starts describing the different views out there , and then there 's a jumble in your head as to what the law really is . i wish the author used his own knowledge and fluid language more than footnoted ideas from other authors . 
dvd neg 742.txt i would give this -5 stars . after sitting through about 20 minutes , i gave up on seeing anything remotely entertaining 
dvd pos 863.txt style : salsa exercise level : very fit this is now the best latin exercise dvd on the market . it is a salsa style exercise dvd . it contains pure ny shines with some salsa rhythm inspired dance steps . it is a much better routine than her first dvd which was geared towards the beginner market . this dvd is made more for the serious salsa dancer who is already fit . for people looking for a salsa shine video this would be a great start . i must point out you would have to be fit to do this dvd . it is very fast paced . buy lisa 's first dvd to prepare yourself for this dvd 
music pos 763.txt the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations 
camera pos 14.txt i did n't have a ton of time to research this flash . i 've used it now on several occasions with my canon 5d and could n't be happier with it . it 's great for shooting portraits . i can shoot 10 shots in a row and the flash keeps up . i would definitely purchase the plastic diffuser - get 's rid of the typical flash harsh light 
software neg 399.txt i was very excited to get this product . it scans well , files well , is very sexy and promising . then i decided to search for a few files based on my keywords . oooops ! it wo n't search ! ! if you do n't know already , paperport offers you only one free tech support call . after that it 's $20 a pop . the rather surly technician i reached had me re-install my program . okay , but it still would n't search . then he told me to un-install windows service pack 2. uh uh , no way . nada . that 's when i asked for a refund . i bought mycab for $40. tech support is marvelous , within one hour over the internet . the only thing it does n't do is scan within the program , but then i can do that , ca n't i ? ak napa , c 
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. . 
software neg 37.txt junk ! i am a professional photographer and have used 2.0 for years for quick fixes and easy additions , thinking they might have made some improvements to make life easier.. . i was wrong . this program is a step back . i was a refund ! i do n't know who is writing they like this new version , but buyer beware ! laur 
health neg 743.txt i have to say i am disappointed , having used a trimmer from wahl with same model number 9916 , which i felt gave me a good trim , i immediately sought out to buy same model off amazon . the one i received was much cheaper in quality . the plastic guide is cheap junk which felt like it would break eventually , which it did within 3 weeks from being dropped . the guide shattered . there is no replacement for the 5-position guide for the 9916 i can find . now i am torn between buying another of these and treating it like a precious heirloom , or finding a razor that can survive real world use . on the plus side , the battery life on this razor is incredible . 
health neg 483.txt this machine bubbles but they are anything but quiet . the water was cold in less than 2 minutes even though i put hot water in has per the instructions . a bucket would probally have done better along with air pump from my fish tank 
camera neg 844.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera 
camera pos 300.txt i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11&quot ; x17&quot ; 
health pos 215.txt oral b has always been top notch for me and this 8900 dlx is just fantastic . my teeth are so bad the dentist always called me the plaque king lol but after 6 months on this i went to the next cleaning and they saw a huge improvement . he calls me by my name now thanks to this product haha i have been putting this thing to the test for about a year now and i love it...i keep it on the spinning setting which really works well . do remember that if you turn it on without it in your mouth , you spray water everywhere and the spin setting really makes a fine mist with some power but its still a top notch product . thanks oral b ! ! 
dvd pos 244.txt bob clark 's 1974 chiller classic , which went on to inspire many elements of " halloween " and " when a stranger calls " , is definitely one of the better , if not best , horror films out there . period . not high on blood , but very high on suspense , dread , atmosphere , and out-of-the-dark surprises . a sorority house ( to include the lovely olivia hussey , the vulgar alcoholic margot kidder , and sctv vet andrea martin ) falls victim to vicious , violent , and altogether menacing phone calls during the christmas holidays . soon , students on campus begin turning up missing . though some events do go unexplained ( which could be positive , considering the mystery involved ) and the film tends to go borderline predictable in some sorts , this is undeniably one of the creepiest horror films , with the most tense , moody photography ever captured on film . keir dullea and margot kidder turn in quite effective performances . highly recommended 
camera pos 431.txt very easy to install ; great tool for easily downloading photos to computer and removing from camera ; would recommend to anybody 
health neg 294.txt i wo n't be buying these , because there is not enough public comments or even actual photos of people using these goggles . if you look closely on the example photos provided by amazon the people that supposingly wear these things , then you 'll notice they are n't really wearing them its just drawn 
music neg 394.txt this was just to much country for this parrothead . i liked one song , piece of work and that was about it 
dvd pos 234.txt based on the bestselling novels by michael and jeff shaara , " gods and generals " and " gettysburg " ( based on the elder shaara 's " the killer angels " ) are the most excting and emotional civil war epics ever filmed . the battle scenes are the most exciting and realistic civil war battle sequences ever put on screen . the acting is phenomenal , with the likes of jeff daniels , stephen lang , tom berenger , robert duvall , bruce boxleitner , martin sheen , richard jordan , sam elliott and mira sorvino , but to name a few of the fine actors and actresses in these two movies . director ronald f . maxwell has created a masterpiece with his first two films , giving rise to the hope that the last film , " the last full measure , " will complete what will hopefully be the best civil war trilogy ever made ! " gods and generals " movie / dvd grade : a+ " gettysburg " movie / dvd grade : a+ overall grade : a+ 
software pos 322.txt compared to frontpage and its infamous " bots " , expressions web is a refreshing piece of software from microsoft that out-dreamweavers dreamweaver . as a long time dreamweaver user , the ability to easily stay in design mode in expressions web while building your user interface without the incredible futz-factor that dreamweaver imposes is its greatest strength . this is a very impressive , stable product that i plan to use a great deal in my non- .net web development work . it makes building and maintaining pure html web sites and newsletters much easier and more intuitive than ever 
dvd pos 106.txt before i rate the box set and the four movies i would like to give you a brief history of my life with these films . when i was really young i use to always ask my dad to rent tremors and we would all set and whatch it . but when i got a bit older and i could understand things better i became afraid and was scared of grabiods coming up from underneath are house and eating me . anyways after about two years i got the guts to whatch tremors 2 : after shocks . and afterwards i was agian afraid of grabiods and now shriekers attacking me . finally after about ten years of not watching them , me and my buddy travis got to talking about tremors and he asked me what grabiods where . so i dicided to draw him pictures of them and after a few days i ended up creating a tremors comic . so after becoming so involved with tremors again i decided to watch the first film again . and after it ended , i bought it off amazon and a week later i bought the third movie and then another week after that i bought the second . i had literly gone a 180 from fearing tremors so long ago to become a huge fan . and when the fourth finally came out i had my family , my friend travis and his brother hooked . now after being a huge fan and watching the four films over and over i can finally rate them . the original tremors is by far the best ; with it 's all star cast and great story line . the second best would have to be tremors 4 : the legend begins because it stays more true to the first and it shows how it all began . tremors 2 : after shocks would be third best since it stared earl and gummer and tremors 3 : back to prefection would have to be the worst since it 's story is weak , its short and it takes the evolution thing a bit far . overall this is a great pack of all four tremors movies and if i had n't boughten all of them aready i would buy this attack pack . ps. tremors 5 script has been finished and if tremors 4 sales enough they will make a fifth . and one more thing it would be awsome if universal would release tremors : the series on dvd . 
health neg 447.txt however , after using for 10 minutes it automatically shuts off and would not come back on . straightened and dried my hair beautiful but spend the extra money at sephora because everyone is getting bad irons from amazon . it is really sad that no one can get one that is worth what you pay . so if you have had good luck with one so far , be glad because i paid for the 2 day shipping could n't wait , and have great disappointment because now i have to return it ! 
health pos 573.txt i purchased this hair dryer for an unusual reason : my old 1875 watt conair was actually too much wattage for my bathroom ( the circuit kept tripping ) , so i was actually looking for a dryer with less wattage . however , i did n't want to sacrifice power , as i hoped not to have to devote any additional drying time to my shoulder-length hair . so far , i 've been pleased with this hair dryer . it does seem a bit louder than my previous model- -not obnoxiously so , just a higher , more concentrated fan noise . the dryer is extremely light and compact ; it 's actually smaller than my folding travel dryer . it is very basic , with a choice of high / low settings only ( there is no heat / cool option ) , but it seems to dry my hair just as efficiently as my old higher-wattage dryer . overall , this is a very good basic hair dryer which gives you a wide variety of use options for a great price 
music neg 447.txt when the preview aired , i was pushing the movie to all my friends , based on the hilarity of the preview . at that time , i skeptically said , " i hope these do n't turn out to be the only funny parts . " and that was exactly what happened . the rest of the movie was full over overdone gross jokes , crass humor that went way over the line and kept running . the pee joke was funny once , but even at that one time they overdid it , then overdid it again , and then again . the harry potter parts were hilarious ! jack sparrow was awesome ! but i wished i had not been forced to watch the rest of the crap just to see a few funny parts of the movie . it 's another scary movie ( 1 ) deal , only worse ! i love the newest scary movies , they are funny , but 1 really sucked . it was funny now and then , but a lot of it was stupid . so is epic movie , only worse . do n't waste your money buying it . rent and fast forward . 
books neg 514.txt i worked with the author in the narcotics section of the chicago police department . please do not let the author 's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the chicago police department and the men and women who serve proudly . the author claims that the narcotics section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline . i think not . he thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage . all we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first . if the author thinks that only the commander of the narcotics section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis , he is dead wrong . we all were . if you read this book , please do not indict all of us because of one person 's jaded stories . 
camera neg 112.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
music pos 93.txt collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his & quot ; the walls came down , & quot ; but & quot ; tracks&quot ; is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one 
health neg 291.txt i purchased these but had to return them . while the molded strap is adjustable , it only opens up approx . 1 " . the magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5 " or larger around - at the eyebrows , forget it , these will not fit you 
books neg 902.txt mark furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner . this is the same guy who almost imediately solved the oj murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview . one big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict . mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics . he can add nothing to the terry schiavo story . 
camera pos 991.txt i have looked everywhere for this charger . everywhere in town wants me to buy something else that might work . it was great to finally find the actual charger that comes with the camera . it 's just the right size and plugs right into the wall . the prongs fold down and can fit nicely in a carry-on bag . thanks so much for having this item available 
health neg 266.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you 
software pos 956.txt it 's a great product . especially for someone like me who works long hours and no chance of getting to take a language class formally , this is the way to go ! thank you 
health pos 101.txt i eat one of these twice a week before i play ice hockey . i specifically buy this flavor because it contains caffeine , though i do n't perceive any " boost " . it could be there and i 'm just not noticing it . i feel they do the job of keeping me fueled for the workout . it would be nice if the package made a specific recommendation about how long before a workout to eat the clif bar . i find the size of a clif bar a bit disappointing , especially considering the " store " price of $1.50. at $11 a case and with free shipping when spending $25 or more , i 've not found a better price than amazon 's on clif bars 
dvd neg 705.txt i have never understood why people find this to be the pinnacle of british comedy . once you get past the numerous jokes about mrs. slocum's .... cat and a flaming mr. humphreys you have very little left to justify it 's long run except that it was probably the right show in the right place at the right time . in retrospect it is lacking . many will disagree with me but that 's life 
camera pos 371.txt i 've had my d2h for 9 months now . i 've heard of the magenta skin tones issue but have never seen it..skin tones on my unit are great . it seems this issue plagued a minority of users . camera is very fast , exposes well and delivers results . it 's primarily designed to be a sports and photojournalism camera - - for situations where speed counts . it 's a 4 megapixel wonder - - it 's true it only has 4 megapixels , but they are 4 great megapixels . images upsize wonderfully . i love my unit , and am debating whether to buy a second one as a backup , or wait for the d2x . the price of the d2x is making that decision a bit easier and i 'm leaning toward another d2h . 
dvd pos 856.txt i stumbled across this movie on cable a couple of years ago , having nothing better to do i watched it . my first impression was that it would be just another stoner movie were nothing really happens . i was suprised though because not only does it have a plot it has a interesting plot . you do n't have to be stoned , or even a stoner to enjoy this movie . one reveiwer said somthing along the lines of it looking like grade school kids made it . well it is true it was an independent film made on the cheep but think it actualy adds something to the over all feel of the film , like your actualy there , scrapping through life with the characters . i guess i can understand why some people wouldnt get this movie , not enough bells and whisels , but if your up for something differnt give it a try . by the way , the movie was based on a book of the same name , also very good and differnt 
camera pos 844.txt this is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball , as far as i can tell . if you follow the directions , and are as close to the action as possible , and at a " straight on " angle , it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement . however , this is a cool gadget , but if you are serious about " speed " and would like more versatility , then your going to have to go with the official mlb jugs gun...but at a much higher price . good luck 
books neg 800.txt the professionals in the law field in this book are n't the type of lawyer or law professional most people want to become . i understand not everyone becomes a six-figure-paid lawyer right out of law school , but this book is ridiculous . it shadows a guy who wants to only be a law clerk ? give me a break 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
dvd pos 199.txt i finally found out this was out on dvd after having the vhs version for many years . the dvd edit is very close to the vhs version minus the glitch during the scorpions opening act , plus some video strobing added during cindy lauper 's run down the runway , which i 'm not sure was really needed , but i 'm ok with it , although the video strobing was done again later , which seems to me as a cheap effect , that really does n't add to the performance . i think brian adams and cindy was excellent for the parts they portraid . i thought originally sinaed ( sp ? whatever ) was a strange choice at the time , maybe good for the part , but after seeing the documentary , i see her being a good intention decision at the time that ended up biting them in the end . she 's too instable , and apparently did not realize the importance of such an event , nor did she show any respect for the part . speaking of which , all of those artists that were called to perform at this event , and did n't say yes on the first call... . shame on you . if roger calls you for an event , you say yes , and put whatever you 're doing aside , because this was way too big of an event to try to be politically correct with . i wish there were more documentary material with this dvd , as this was such a big event , there should have been more information . i had heard in an interview before the show that roger was once asked if he 'd ever do the wall again , and he basically said " if the berlin wall would ever come down , then i would consider doing it again " , and this was never mentioned in the doc . buy the video , even if you have the vhs , you 'll enjoy it . ... still waiting for pulse to be released as well , enjoy ! 
music pos 361.txt sam moore 's new cd is a welcome return to the roots of soul . this cd has got it ! sam 's voice is superb and the duets he does with his guests are wonderful . i 'm not a fan of country music so i was a bit fearful of what wynona and travis tritt would do with sam . wow ! are they ever good ! wynona 's got it . i 'm going to listen to more of her now . the musicians are the best ! i thought i could hear that wonderful touch of earth wind and fire on some of the numbers so i went searching the notes . sure enough- -there is reggie young- -the wonderful earth wind and fire trombonist ! go reggie ! billy preston is wonderful on " you are so beautiful " as is the accompanying guitar by eric clapton . this is a musician 's cd- -quality all the way . i have had the great pleasure of seeing sam moore and billy preston in person ( with bowzer 's doo wop party- -thank god for bowzer , bringing back all these wonderful artists ) and they were wonderful . i 'd love to see even more of sam moore . thanks to randy jackson for putting this together . this is a class-act . 
music pos 764.txt sing of mary is a work of art ! the beauty of the music is only surpassed by the woman it praises...mary ! god bless this cd. . 
camera pos 728.txt excellent ! they have a really long life and are the perfect backup for your rechargeables 
health pos 983.txt i have been having severe back pain ( muscular ) and subsequent headaches on a daily basis for many months . i finally brokedown and went to see one of my colleagues who is a physiatrist . he recommended the theracane to me . he is a physician who is both a dc , ( doctor of chiropractic ) and a physician , do . this physician has been doing trigger point therapy including intramuscular needling to help release the painful knots in my back . i find that i can use the theracane in between visits with noted relief . this same doctor states that this condition is like diabetes and needs to be managed for life and thus , the theracane allows for me to maintain . i think the theracane is an ingenious invention . i do n't really have anything negative to say , with the exception of the pain i am trying to manage . the product arrived quickly after i ordered it and it is exactly as described . 
music pos 946.txt the best place to start with the best is at the beginning . enya 's the celts ( identical to the original 1980s release simply called enya ) is a beautiful collection of music . enya is not an artist where you just get the " best of " album . every cd is a best of in itself 
health neg 943.txt contrary to purported performance claims , my experience with these batteries has significantly worsened my opinion of duracell 's products . decades of experience with everready energizers - and with other duracell products ( e.g. , coppertops ) - show procell products to be markedly inferior in performance . regardless of how long their shelf life may be , they simply have n't performed up to par , much less equally to other alkaline batteries . this has just been my experience - over daily use , over many months , with set after set of procell aa batteries . take it for what its ' worth 
dvd pos 515.txt mathau and lemon are very funny and no wonder they continued to make other movies together like " grumpy old men . " the plot line is straighforward but their acting and character sketch makes it truly entertaining and captures their classic relationship . 
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album 
health pos 871.txt recently got my sleepmate and it is very effective . somehow it blocks out most sounds outside of my bedroom , and i do n't have any trouble sleeping . i use to wake up at least 2-3 times a night , and have the hardest time getting back to sleep . i hardly ever wake up at all now . great product , and i 'd definately recommend it to anyone in need of a good night 's sleep 
software neg 84.txt despite many attempts and a complete reinstall of windows xp , my xp machine refused to load easy cd creator 5 platinum , rendering the progam disc and all update discs useless . probably if you already had the program running in a 98 environment and then upgraded to xp you could keep it running with patches and updates . so take statements by resellers that they provide update discs with a grain of salt . if you cannot install the primary program , the update disc is of no use . the program is a good one but you have to run it on a 98 machine . 
music pos 303.txt this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : " the songs on " seven swans " , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . " i have fun tooling around with " to be alone with you " on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . " seven swans " is not over orchestrated like " michigan " and " illinois " seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd's . " seven swans " is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called " wisconsin . " 
music pos 196.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
books neg 984.txt i typically do not read stories like this , but a neighbor had lent it to me and i figured i 'd check it out . the plot is n't bad , but the dialogue is another story . the writing was so unbelievably awful that i had to fight myself to finish it . phrases like " god damn , oh god , etc.. . " were repeated over and over again . i got really sick hearing about tess 's cute freckles and jimmy 's movie star looks / sex drive . the majority of the story line between tess and jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand . it was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing . i 'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book . not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from harlequin romances.. . 
software pos 635.txt use it with new xerox scanner and once the correct set up is utilized , it works wonders . very satisfied 
software pos 993.txt i purchased this software mainly for web design . i am beginning in web design and found microsoft frontpage 200 easy to learn with a lot of interesting features to design a web site . i would definitely recommend this product 
books neg 940.txt i am a fan of tanya huff and the series of books with henry and victoria . but this one is not it . while henry is there he is such a minor character . the main character is tony foster a homosexual street kid who tanya should have left on the street . i was totally bored and read the book through because i was hoping it would get better , then i was happy when it was over . the plot idea was great , but it was not developed well and left me wanting for something more . i was expecting henry to be a major player like he was with victoria , but no , he is relegated to tony 's homosexual vampire lover who helps tony out . disappointing . dull . i wo n't read the rest of this series , the tony foster series . hey , tanya , how about a series of henry fitzroy , i would read that 
camera neg 546.txt the battery does not hold up . after 10 months it would not work at all . i thought it was the battery . emailed support and was told the battery is not replaceable . i found one and changed it out myself . the unit was just dead . warranty is 60 days . will not buy another one 
camera neg 5.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
dvd pos 678.txt i have always liked this movie . along with the horror , there 's some comedy thrown in . 
software neg 846.txt this product will not work on my notebook even after multiple installs . the tech support emailed that any cd or dvd copy software had to be removed . i guess that sort of makes a dvd or cd r / w drive rather pointless . i removed the copy software and still have bad results . about 1 out of twenty times it get to the menu were you can actually use it . maybe it does n't like my corporate virus protection . i find it hard to believe that a lot of government agencies and large companies use this software if it that picky . i rate this product as totally useless . 
camera pos 204.txt it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened 
camera neg 679.txt do n't order this battery unless you have money to throw away ! i ordered one that would not hold a charge , called the company and they told me it was defective and to send it back . did that and got a replacement that proved to be just as bad . now after 3 months , it is n't even holding a charge for more that 15 minutes of usage time ! ! ! this is unacceptable , and again the company is still trying to stand behind their bogus product ! avoid at all cost , even if that means paying the extra $10 bucks for an original kodak branded battery 
books pos 338.txt i really enjoyed this book , it was n't completely comprehensive but did give a good overview of buffet 's investment style . while it did n't go heavily into the analysis of stocks that i would have liked it did describe who influenced buffet , thanks to this book i was able to pick up some fisher and graham and have learned quite a bit . all in all i would reccomend this book for someone interested in a light biography of buffet or a little insight into how he makes decisions 
health neg 154.txt this is not one of the best hair dryers i 've had . at best , it 's average . the nozzle is too long , and the concentrator attachment is fixed at horizontal . i like attachments that can rotate so that i can change the angle to reach different parts of my hair . the ionic feature makes no difference to the length of drying time or texture of my hair . after using this hair dryer for 1 yr and 3 mths ( about 3x a week ) , the switch for heat settings is now loose . the dryer only blows cool air even though i slide the switch for higher temperatures . my rating has gone from average to below average 
camera neg 440.txt nice looking . good quality . but the case has two large flaps on the sides which make it difficult to put the camera in and out . 
health pos 489.txt great tasting bar . nice and soft make it easy to eat 
camera pos 971.txt the casio exilim ex-s770rd is a great camera for the price . camera is the smallest on the market and will fit in any pocket . lcd sreen is large and very clear . 7.2 mp produces great picture quality and the functions are easily accessed . as this is my first casio purchase , i am very pleased with the quality 
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily 
health neg 613.txt i am now going through what everyone else is talking about . finding replacement bulbs . for $20 this is unfortunately for some a " throw away " mirror . at least ours lasted more than 4 weeks 
health pos 387.txt the first epilator that i used was the epi-lady with coils that came out in the 80's . i did not use this for long... . a tool of complete torture ! i finally got brave enough to give epilators a try again and got one from " veet " which has a single roller of tweezers but it did such a good job that i was completely hooked on using an epilator . good-bye razors and wax ! i figured that if a single roller did a good job that the conair which had two rollers would do even better . the conair does a good job and i 'm keeping it as my spare , but the epilator from veet actually does a better job . i no longer have any discomfort from the epilators and i even do my bikini area and underarms . i love the results on my underarms and the money saved on waxing . once you see and feel the results you will be completely won over . update : i 've had more time to use the conair epilator and now i 've actually been using it more than my " veet " . just give yourself time to adjust to this epilator and you will be very happy with it . as a matter of fact i am ordering one as a gift for one of my friends 
camera pos 742.txt i bought this as a gift for my mother and she absolutely loves it ! definitely a good buy 
dvd neg 850.txt there is nothing in this dvd that was n't in the book . in fact , stan and john basically read the book to you as they show you the pictures from the book . i was hoping to actually see the artists do the drawings , but there is maybe 60 seconds total of footage of actual drawing . the rest of the video is just john buscema tracing over all the images that are already in the book . if you really want to learn to draw comics , this is n't for you . if you just want a basic overview of the process , this dvd might not be too disappointing . but if you already own the book , definitely do n't waste your money . it would be cheaper just to have your mom read the book to you 
camera neg 362.txt it 's not an item to write home about . final picture quality is usually ok but not spectacular . the wi-fi works some days , mostly not . if i 'd known then what i know now it would still be on the shelf or in the hands of some other poor purchaser . 
software neg 841.txt since buying the upgrade of windows xp i have had to reinstall it 3 times -onto a clean hard disk - the first time it just disappeared and turned into a blue screen , with messages that hive files were gone missing ? 2nd time round the registery got corrupted and the last time it refused to boot , and not wanting to have to trall through another install i used the xp cd to try the recovery consol . this was as much use as a cigarette lighter on a motor bike . none of the commands worked , and even trying the help file was useless . there seems to be a serious problem with system restore in xp , and im fully updated with all the latest spacks , and stacks of space on my hard disk alotted to sr ! check dates will disappear and when you really need st to get you back and running -it goes pear shaped ! i now running 3 restored version of xp completly backed up on a seperate hard disk using power quests drive image . my experences with xp are its not reliable. . 
music neg 153.txt i have never been able to see what the big deal was about this band . all of their records , in general , sound exactly the same , and this one is no exception . post-velvets guitar / organ drones , lackadaisical vocals , blankly uninteresting non-lyrics ( they could have recited their grocery lists and it would have been more interesting ) , and a dramatic lack of energy ; all of yo la tengo 's trademarks are fully represented here , and if you can stay awake through it , you 're a better man / woman than i . a surpassingly boring record , even from this usually very boring band . if you 've heard the velvet underground , neu ! , stereolab 's early records , and sonic youth , you 've heard yo la tengo in total . if you 're a big enough fan of those named bands , you could probably write songs that sound like & quot ; painful . &quot ; but you would probably write better ones . avoid this like the plague unless you suffer from insomnia 
music neg 327.txt i love destiny 's child...but this cd...big disappointment . the best songs on the entire cd were probably lose my breath , cater 2 u and girl...big disappointment...i just wasnt feeling the cd when i bought it. . 
books neg 556.txt first of all , ike is doing the very thing that tina always said he would do . ike turner will never admit to what he did to tina . tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like " all the others . " ike took advantage of her . tina her self said she cared very much for him . cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince tina to leave him . even the girls that danced with tina on stage had whitnessed what happened . tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . so she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984. while ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused tina ! and considering the person ike turner is , i would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back ! ! 
health pos 12.txt this has got to be one of the easiest blood pressure monitors to use . it really does n't start until your arm is in the correct position , letting you know by beeping when you 've got it right . the display is large and easy to read and understand . i definitely would recommend this 
software neg 532.txt the software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much i had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the thre 
camera pos 449.txt i bought these for a trip to costa rica and used them every day . they are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . these are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc 
dvd neg 775.txt as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead 
music neg 290.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
books pos 574.txt this dark tragi-comedy resonates with the dramatic potential of hamlet , but and edge particular to jacobean drama . a play which is still relevant today ( many students related it to & quot ; the godfather&quot ; ) , and brimming with cinematic violence , lust , deception , vengence , and , with all this , communicated through beautiful poetry 
books pos 640.txt ralph fletcher and joann portalupi have teamed up to create a book that is easy to understand and apply in the classroom setting . the lessons can be adapted for all elementary grades and everything is spelled out for you as the teacher - including the titles of books to use . those familiar with the 6 traits will find concrete examples to help develop each skill 
music pos 444.txt this is the only albulm i have of the exies for christmas i am getting the last albulm . if its the same as this one the exies must be good . this is the best albulm i have listened to . my favourites are ugly , babtise me , splinter and dear enemy my least favourites are none i like every song its an amazing albulm . ihave listened to some of the tracks over and over again and everytime i think wow this band should be more popular from craig from the uk 
software neg 360.txt generally like the program . hoped it came with a cd to practice in the car but was wrong . it is totally pc based . i 'll let you know in about three months if i can actually conduct business in deutsch . 
books pos 501.txt this book is pitched , at least in part , to linux beginners . but it fails in small , maddening ways when speaking to this audience . after a lot of discussion of disk partitioning and install , page 65 tells you to run the " man " command in a shell session . it offers no clue that the only way to terminate a " man " command is the letter q - a completely unintuitive action . so a new user can flounder forever , or at least until they get frustrated and reboot . but i do n't mean to slam just this book . that same problem exists in most other beginning linux books , even o'reilly 's pocket guide . all these knowledgeable authors seem to think that noephytes will somehow magically gain access to information that the authors have in their heads , but have n't committed to paper . except for that , it 's a very good book . 
software pos 456.txt this recommended software is easy to load , except for online requirements to update the files due to changes in the documents from the time of publication / software release . the files for download was large and took a long time on a dialup internet connection . the software was easy to use , without documentation , though documentation would have been much desired . the time to fill in the data was not too long . it took about 4-6 hours given that i had been filing all the tax info in a folder with all the references required . the help in the software was great and insightful . i preferred using a cpa in the past , but since my taxes has gotten significantly easier , this has been a definite cost savings . e-filing was easy , but make sure not to lose the cd-sleeve after downloading the software . otherwise , it costs extra to e-file . overall , it appears to be a great software package with great info and help . i plan to use it next year , lord willing ! 
books pos 5.txt i read this book many , many years ago on a very long flight . i could n't put it down . the philosophy is simple ; live frugally , save / invest money every month , and you too can be a millionaire . it 's great advice , especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house , expensive car , and everything else right now , with no regard to the future . although some of the info is dated ( enron being named as a great company to invest ) , and some other advice ( putting new soles on old shoes ) is a bit much , the general message makes plenty of sense . 
music pos 99.txt you can resume eddie cochran very well with one cd.after all , when he died he was only 21 years old.this selection is almost the same if you except 5 songs of the legendary master series released in 1990.his best songs are there:summertime blues was of course a favorite of the who , who often featured it in their concerts.i am particularly fond of jeannie , jeannie , jeannie , c'mon everybody and the marvellous somethin'else with it 's great shuffle , a trademark of eddie.if you are interested in rock 's early days , you 'll enjoy this cd 
camera pos 637.txt do not expect this to replace the zoom from your camera . it will not do that nor was it intended to do so . what it does do is optically bring things a little bit closer . this is certainly preferably to using the digital zoom that comes with so many cameras . the lens works by screwing into the end of the camera lens where filters would normally be put . this means that it is something which must be planned for to be used . it is not to be put on while filming is taking place ; it is in place when filming begins . since it is easy to use , this should not take too long . the normal zoom of the camera can be used while this lens is in place . having it in place just changes the limits from a little bit closer to what would normally be the case to not quite as far when the camera is zoomed out to maximum . care should be taken not to get this lens cross threaded when putting it in place . the quality of the optics seem to be fine . i used it on a sony dcr-vx2100 and had no problems . this is a handy gadget to have handy in your case but be aware of what it will and will not do . 
dvd neg 888.txt ehhhhh. what is this ? this is one very stupid movie . how do i get a refund 
camera pos 2.txt i love this backpack ! it is just what i needed to safely carry my camera gear and keep it organized 
dvd pos 358.txt having an m.a. in english literature as well as a b.a. in literature and history , anytime a movie is both historical and literary . . . well , i get a bit excited to say the least . i do n't wish to give the impression that this movie is based on absolute and authentic history because it 's not , but the writers / directors / producers set it against a " historical " backdrop nonetheless . on that note , this is yet another stellar title from noneother than ridley scott . with that being said , i enjoyed " tristan and isolde " almost as much as " gladiator " and a bit more than " kingdom of heaven " ( all of these , by the way , are ridley scott films ) . notice the historical adaptations here ? while it may be true that the story of tristan and isolde was inspirational to shakespeare 's " romeo and juliet " as well as possibly fueling much of the intrigue of the arthurian legend , this movie is not exclusively for the high-browed college types . no sir , good ol ' red-blooded men and women will certainly be drawn into both the action as well as the romance in this movie . this is by no means a " chick flick " since there is present a large degree of bloodshed and overall suspense . on the other hand , it 's not the typical " hack and slash " macho film because at its core is a very dynamic love story . in short , it should please both sexes simultaneously . aside from james franco ( tristan ) , i was rather unfamiliar with most of the cast . sophia myles ( isolde ) is , for the most part , a newcomer to american audiences despite a rather large resume in mostly british films . i suspect this film will provide her the recognition she certainly deserves on this side of the atlantic . while many of the other characters were convincing in their roles , no other character was more believable in his villainy than that of the arrogant irish king ( who just so happens to be isolde 's father ) . in short , this is one of the best movies i 've seen in awhile . on some levels it reminds me of " king arthur . " just as " king arthur " attempted to provide a plausible history of the legendary arthur , guinevere , and lancelot , so too does ridley scott by placing the action a few years after the establishment of the angle and saxon kingdoms in england . if you 'll recall in " king arthur , " arthur helps hold back the onslaught of the invading saxons just as the roman legions were exiting britannia . historians will point out that there is no evidence of saxons in england until several decades after the roman withdrawal , but oh well . . . it made for a good story . here , we witness the celtic britons as they are exploited by the irish across sea . what ? ? ? ? the irish doing the exploiting and not the other way around ? well , " tristan and isolde " holds true to history in this aspect ; namely , that the celtic britons of england were indeed pushed to the easternmost shores of the island after the coming of the anglo-saxons . this would , of course , have placed them in what is now wales and cornwall . and this is exactly where the movie is set . let 's not forget the story of saint patrick . remember , he was actually a romanized briton who was captured and served as a slave in ireland before escaping and ultimately returning to ireland to convert the populace to christianity . it 's interesting to note that in the movie christianity is a fairly new-fangled religion in ireland , so no doubt ridley scott intended this to remind us of the time period at hand . i particulary liked " king arthur " and " kingdom of heaven " despite the lukewarm reception they received from the critics . critically speaking , " tristan and isolde " has been a bit of a mixed bag as well- --but who really bases their decision to watch a movie on the arrogant views of movie critics ? rent it first if you must , but i suspect this one will be a " keeper " in your dvd library ! 
books neg 297.txt this is a good book , but most are under the impression that einstein actually created the content of the book . einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest german and italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory . for instance , e=mc^2 was not created by einstein , as so many people people . an italian physicist came up with it . if you do n't believe me check any encyclopedia . einstein suceeded in taking everyone 's work and compiling it . this was helpful to the world of physics . unfortunately , this stuff is outdated , and autodynamics has disproven many things that einstein says in this book . when it came out it was already outdated . this was published in the 60s . autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s ( 45 i believe ) . if this was published in the 20s or even the 30s , it would have been a good book 
dvd neg 154.txt " modigliani " ( 2004 ) is a self-indulgent , pretentious and largely fictional portrait of a tragic artist . writer-director mick davis goes overboard on the symbolism while revealing precious little about the man and his work . ironically , the viewer has a better understanding of pablo picasso than amedeo modigliani . despite his boundless enthusiasm , andy garcia is simply too old for the title role . an irritating fiasco that deserved its straight-to-video fate 
software pos 756.txt i have used other product of this kind and have never used any easier one . the video tutorials are the greatest help of all . the home plans they already have in the program are lacking but you can change them to what you want , but that is not the easiest task . i would recommend this product to anyone wanting to make their dreams come true 
books neg 141.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
camera neg 695.txt this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money 
camera pos 501.txt product is excellent . however when using in motion , whether on bike or vehicle , it is difficult to grip and falls off hand . in addition , the " mode / menu " button is accidentally hit or depressed by your thumb while in motion 
software neg 434.txt i wanted a new computer , so a couple months ago i ordered an hp computer that happened to have vista on it . i thought , " oh great , i 'll get the newest os as well " ... major mistake . 1. did n't work with my perhipherals , including my scanner and an hp printer . for god 's sake , the computer 's an hp , why wo n't it work with an hp printer ! ? if they knew the drivers for perhipherals were n't ready , why the did they release the os and force us to buy it ? 2. annoying security feautres , constantly asking permissions to install software . just like the apple ads- - a total joke . 3. after struggling with the damn thing for 2 days , i decided to try to install old trusty xp on it.. . $200 later , guess what ? you cant install an earlier operating system ! booting from the cd does n't work either , you get the blue screen of death . maybe some tech geek can do it , but i 'm done wasting time with this thing . 4. all that agony , for what ? the " fancy " interface ? who cares what it looks like , i just want to use my damn scanner ! i 'm sure all those slick effects suck up ram and resources , for what functional purpose ? just to look more like mac ? 5. ... speaking of which , i am now switching to . goodbye windows , after 15 years of struggling with your crappy software , i 'm done 
dvd neg 214.txt i 'm going to have to disagree with the majority of the reviews on this movie . i have seen plenty of russian films , and many of them have been slow and entirely reliant upon the emotional component . mikhalkov , for example , is a director who can do this . this movie suffers from pretentious screenwriting , and a lack of underlying meaning or moral lesson . although the acting is n't necessarily bad , you do n't get attached to the characters . i got the feeling that the cinematography and the colors did n't match the movie 's theme and plot . at times it got so boring that i wanted to stop watching , even though i never do that . anyway , i do not recommend this movie . if you want to watch some good russian movies , go with " brother " , " burnt by the sun " , " prisoner of the mountains " , " war " , or " unfinished piece for the mechanical piano 
music pos 884.txt this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed 
dvd pos 504.txt got this on ebay for $18 last year - a great deal . i am only bothering to rate this as it seems ridiculous that is rated below two other rather shoddy grant collections because of the holiday backlash . objectively rating the content instead of the marketing would work for me 
books pos 124.txt to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically - sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought " conversational italian . " though i 've never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i 've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language 
music neg 286.txt if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this.. . and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately 
health pos 14.txt i just finished a 4 day golf tournament that was brutal . 6 hour rounds played in 90 degree heat with high humidity . during a practice round a couple of days before the tournament started i really got drained of energy after about 12 holes . i was unprepared and it made a sport that i normally enjoy into an unpleasant experience . for the tournament rounds i packed a small cooler with gatorade , nature valley fruit and nut bars , and chocolate flavored clif builder 's bars . i drank water and gatorade throughout each round and alternated the bars every 3-4 holes . it really made a difference . each day i felt like i had the energy and endurance for a great round . if only my golf game was as good as these bars . they tasted great and keeping them in a cooler kept them from melting in the heat . i highly recommend chocolate clif builder 's bars . kevin decke 
music pos 270.txt if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first . 
camera pos 580.txt very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use 
music pos 445.txt this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip 
software neg 302.txt the product performs inconsistently . it failed miserably when it tried ocr on a page printed in comic sans , for instance , mistaking a 's for g 's , and @ 's for a 's , etc. in short it was worthless for scanning in something as simple as a list of names and email addresses . it 's " ok " when doing some fonts . and generally manages to figure out where the images are . the interface is supposed to be simple , but is counter-intuitive , and confusing to learn . scanners are " iffy " - - may work , may not , so make sure you test in the 30 day trial period . support ? forget unless you want to pay . not even a single support call is included in the package . i will not buy or upgrade with this company again unless they are willing to provide at least a minimum of a couple of support calls or emails . i 've had almost all the versions before this , and to be honest like this one less than what was before . if you want to try it , buy from a source that will honor the 30-day money-back trial period . you may need it 
dvd neg 64.txt the movie is one of my favorites , works on both a romantic level , and a comic level . but where 's the widescreen ? todays consumers are more educated ( thank god ) and they 've almost stopped asking the stupid question " why watch widescreen , you lose the top and bottom of the movie ? ! " they finally get that you are seeing more of the movie with widescreen and not less . so how can i be expected to buy this dvd ? it is for all intents and purposes " incomplete " . who 's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it ? buy this movie as soon as ws version becomes availible 
software neg 341.txt purchased this software because i got a deal with a special price break . i have a very small business , so a purchase of several hundred dollars needs to pay back quickly . the set up took a lot longer than i had anticipated . the customer service was no help - could n't answer my questions . i ended up spending 6 hours to get everything right - another day wasted . i 've got myself stuck with this now and will use for a few months since i 've spent the money , but i 'm going to look for alternatives in the meantime . if this is " quick books , " i need to find " lightning fast " books somewhere 
books pos 546.txt the color tabs really help you know what section to look at . the only disadvantages of this field guide are that it does n't document every species in north america and that the new national geographic field guide to the birds of north america , fifth edition has the blue grouse split into the sooty and dusky grouse making it more up to date ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! still , this field guide has many good things . 
health pos 439.txt i work at a nursing home for the elderly and travel my entire lunch break to take my kindergardener to daycare after school and then pick him up with my two year old to go home , and to know that i have this product at my beck and call . wow ! ! i am a owner of this product for 6 months now and i all i can say is i love it. . so what is requires special water a gallon lasts me for two months so i do n't mind spending $.75 every two months . i use it in conjunction with my pore cleanser from panasonic and i now i use less make up than ever . i normally wear foundation , pressed powder and loose . now it is just pressed powder . it allows my natural glow to come out and minimized my pores . i do my facial with a towel over my head to intensify the treatment along with a favorite cd and i am on a fifteen minute vacation without leaving home . i take the towel off and my pores are ready for the final stage . i turn on the cool mist and apply a moisturizer at the last minute and i am ready to face another day . 
software neg 675.txt extremely difficult to unistall . endless loop . do not buy this product or if you do then be prepared for an exremely fustrating experience . i will never use nav again 
dvd neg 144.txt it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based , but i do clearly remember it making sense . this movie does n't even make sense ( to quote a chicken i know ) . marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and , instead of coming off as sinister , menacing , and dominating , he makes dr. moreau into a joke . val kilmer 's portrayal is vacuous and silly . is the character supposed to be under the influence ? i guess he wanted it portrayed that way . the script ? is there one ? moreau talks about having almost reached his goal . where ? his one " son " and his " daughter " do have some fine traits , but both are also pretty ineffectual . several reviews have mentioned the special effects . i actually saw very few special effects . the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done , and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves , but mostly i saw people in very elaborate , well-done costumes , using well-distorted voices . the central character , played by david thewlis , should have been the focus of the movie , as he is the narrator . he kept getting lost in the shuffle , and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw , and to ask the questions that i would have asked . i like him as an actor , but this is certainly not a memorably good performance . it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here , but is the werewolf in " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . " the film does create a sense of the nightmare . several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness , most notably ron perlman 's preacher , but then he 's well-practiced , from his " beauty and the beast " television series . that was what ( barely ) earned this film its second star . let 's vote them all off the island , and start over . robert duvall as moreau ? replace kilmer with matt damon ? casey affleck replacing david thewlis 
health neg 910.txt i bought 300 and 500 units . they are not working in my small condo . i cannot find the place to see how they finally work 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration . 
software neg 825.txt for those considering outlook 2007 , beware of my experience : one morning i ran outlook 2007 to find it would not download email messages at all . ( i would get an error about mapi . ) this appears to be due to an automatic office update of the junk mail filter . one of the most important features of an email program is that it does n't suddenly stop being able to check email ( imagine being on a business trip ) . automatic improvements to the junk mail filter sounds great , but if that means one morning i wake up to not be able to check email at all , then the medicine is worse than the disease . the new features and changes outlook 2007 really do not compensate for the lack of reliability . if you have another email program that works , i 'd stick with it and not switch to outlook 2007. on a positive note , i was able to fix the above problem by running repair ( reinstall ) from the office 2007 install program , but this took half an hour or so to run . 
dvd pos 706.txt ...that you simply have to see , " mrs miniver " being one , a little known film dealing with a fictitious german invasion to a sweet english village , " went the day well ? " and this film . why so ? because all 3 were made at the start of the war ( early 40 's ) when england stood very much alone in the fight agaisnt hitler and aggresive facism . invasion fears were rife , the war effort looked hopeless at times as in europe , hitler opposing country after country fell to the german aggressors ( not to mention the rampage going on in africa at the hands of rommel aided by the italian forces under mussolini 's instruction ) . england 's small island identity stood alone and under threat and was bombed , starved and demoralised into feeling invasion could happen any day . it was quite possibly the darkest of times in english history and these three films capture the flavour of that dispondancy but equally the might of the will to survive and protect , with realistic perfection . in which we serve does this more personally as we know it is based in truth and the characters become dear and well rounded quite quickly , inspiring us to care about these folk from many walks of british life . for a modern audience it may seem a little over stoic and sentimental at times but place the emotion in context of the year it was made ( 1942 ) , and i guarantee you will view it an aching sense of fear and hope which was precisely coward 's plan . an absolute gem and a must see , i weep every time i watch it 
health neg 436.txt oh fusion razor , fusion razor , gleaming long and bright . bring to the growth upon my face your buzzing , five-blade might ! your contours sleek and overformed , your gripping action steady . your shaving power manifold , t'would make a weak mind heady . what thoughtfulness lies ' neath your shine ? you gleam like spaceship rubble ! and with your " future now " design , you lay waste to my stubble ! too bad you lay waste also to the skin beneath the hair . now i bemoan the scabby strokes that mar my visage fair . purring like a happy tiger that stalks its helpless prey , with your five and shining claws , my face you swiftly flay . our first few dates were sweet as silk , your touch was oh-so-gentle . but by date three you bit and chewed , you 've proven tempermental . oh , fusion razor , fusion razor , why have you done me wrong ? although you 're mighty , it 's too bad my skin is not as strong . why do i keep on giving you a chance to find redemption ? what razor god hath granted thee such epiderm exemption ? oh , no more , no , my razor friend , your doom is clearly written by tributaries crimson red that on my cheeks you 've smitten . i wondered when i purchased you , just what the " fusion " meant . now i think it marks the meld ' twixt shaves and punishment . " the leading edge of science ! " " the future is today ! " " the greatest shave technology ! " your advertisements say . technology 's not always good . although it 's what life 's built on , it also causes wars and monsters ( much like paris hilton ) . i need no buzzing , layered mesh of steel that swiftly flails . i think i 'd rather shave myself with dull lee press-on-nails . so , adieu , my fusion razor , do n't leave in dour depression . take comfort in that tho ' your banned , you still left an impression 
dvd neg 978.txt sorry i could n't come up with a better punchline , but this movie does n't deserve any original thought or ideas . maybe its because there are n't any original ideas in this movie event . national lampoon used to mean funny , now its french for crapola . avoid this one at all costs ! ! ! watch caddyshack ii , airplane ii , yes even xanadu three times each before you pick this booger one 
camera neg 21.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance 
camera pos 789.txt the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter 
health neg 696.txt broke after two uses . not worth the time to put back together 
music neg 440.txt i heard that song recently & quot ; three strange days&quot ; ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit 
music pos 612.txt this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady 
software pos 287.txt i have used this anti-virus since 2000 , i liked it then , and i love it now . if your the type of user that does not want to worry about your computer on the internet , this is for you . it can be a pain on older computers that have less ram , but it still gets the job done . now the cons , i had 3 experiences with customer service , and 2 were postitive , and 1 was negative . i 'm not throwing the baby out with the bath water , although i wanted too . the woman was extremely rude , to the point that i contacted the corporate office . in the end i did renew my subscription . i had no idea how easy it is for exe programs , and the such to change settings on your computer allowing attacks . this software lets you know when your settings have changed as soon as they get changed . for 20.00 how can you go wrong ! 
books neg 54.txt john updike 's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading . but his novels have , from the very first , been precious , over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation . when he writes fiction , he 's like a dog doing tricks for reward . and certainly , the rewards have come . but for readers outside the us at least , it 's all a little mystifying . john cheever was a far better writer , yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by americans as the lesser canon . time will correct this mistake , no doubt , but in the meantime updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this . if i still have your attention , let me recommend the ' collected stories ' of john cheever . updike could only dream of writing prose like that . 
music pos 684.txt excellent 24 track compilation of this surperb psychedelic dutch band . each tune was a single sometime between 1965-69. these guys are not to be confused with a u.s. band from the same era of the same name . cuts that make this cd a true keeper are " sun 's going down " , the tripping " feel like i wanted to cry " , " keep on trying " , the familiar sounding " touch " and " ballad of john b " . this is yet another band i 've heard at least one or two tracks on the rhino release of ' original artyfacts : nuggets ii ' 4-cd box set.should appeal to fans of pretty things , q65 , early beatles , creation and the action.a must-have 
books pos 963.txt pojman does a superb job of illustrating many different approaches to ethics , providing examples of practical application of each . this helps the reader develop a critical mind , capable of reasoning his or her way through ethical dilemmas that we all face on a daily basis . pojman is not afraid to go for the jugular on approaches in which he finds serious flaws , such as cultural and ethical relativism . the reader will find that pojman does not adhere to one ethical theory in particular , but rather calls for reason and judgment , based on strong moral principles , in every situation . some situtations call for a utilitarian approach , some for a virtue-ethical approach . whatever approach he takes , however , will be based in thorough and sound reasoning . this book makes its readers want to be better people . 
health pos 19.txt after reading the review regarding palm kernel oil in all of the luna bar flavors , i decided to read all the ingredients for each flavor myself . i noticed that the luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is the only flavor that does not contain palm kernel oil . if you are concerned about palm kernel oil you should purchase this flavor . the toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is delicious , does n't taste like a candy bar , and has low total and saturated fat gram percentages . luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is one of the better nutrition bars available on the market . 
music neg 776.txt i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion 
health neg 169.txt it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product 
books pos 530.txt this is a great book . well written and illustrated . this is one of the most hilarious children 's books i 've read to my child . we were laughing throughout the whole thing . i highly recommend this book to both children and adults 
health neg 168.txt these glasses were a bit of a disappointment . the convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . and actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . great idea but maybe some " fine tuning " would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck . 
dvd neg 285.txt i had the complete opposite experience with this workout than did the previous reviewer . the combination of doing upper and lower body exercises simultaneously caused my heartrate to soar which caused symptoms of overtraining . many people love this video but i just had a bad experience with it 
camera pos 952.txt this camera was a great investment . the photos turn out wonderfully . better than a regular film camera and i have kept an eye out on simular cameras...price wise we got a fantastic deal on this camera and it was well worth the price . the only problem i have found with it is that the batteries wear out soooo fast but i think all digital cameras have that problem . this is a great camera 
health neg 489.txt i 've used much better electric shavers in the past . i find it hard to hard to get a close shave but easy to scrape my skin . 
camera neg 332.txt not worth the $10 i paid especially when i had to spend $7 to ship it ! ! 
music neg 666.txt if you do n't have the blues , this record will give them to you.musically speaking , it 's tripe 
books neg 793.txt if you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away . informative to general audiences , it provides little scientific support for its contention . with the wealth of information out there , this was not the critical review needed , nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect 
camera neg 246.txt el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras econmicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo 
health neg 461.txt i had ordered this item expecting good things from it . however , the article has never worked properly . the electrical system seems to be working fine , but the uv light has never come on . somehow it seems pointless to have a toothbrush sanitizer that does not sanitize . right now the product is only a toothbrush holder ; nothing more . i generally do not pay such a high price for a toothbrush holder . i have been in contact with the producer of the product and hope to have something done about it . in short , i wo n't buy anything like this again 
dvd pos 306.txt i love the simpsons ! although the early seasons are classic , they seem to get better and more funny as they go on . this season includes the episode where milhouse 's parents get divorced which is hilarious , and the one where homer eats those hot chili peppers and freaks out ! definitely worth the purchase , there are a lot of extras too 
books neg 12.txt how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences - - thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding 
music pos 719.txt though i am only 33 years old , i grew up listening to bob wills . merle haggard did a great job with this one ( as he always does ) . i got goose bumps listening to it . it took me back to my childhood when i would sit on the porch with my grandfather listening to bob wills . the only thing missing is the scratching of the needle on a nearly worn-out album 
books pos 361.txt i read this years after i 'd read catcher in the rye and nine stories and it was cool to be reading salinger again but it was n't as rewarding as the first two books were . maybe i let too much time pass and outgrew his style . i dunno . i felt as if i was reading a magazine story and not a book story . i still would read everything he wrote tho if he released all new stuff , j.d. salinger 's the man 
software pos 389.txt this is my first review but i just felt compelled to tell everyone about this terrific program . i bought this game when my children were in kindergarten and second grade . fritz and chester 's program is so engaging . there are rhymes and chants for each piece 's moves as well as for some other " strategy-type " moves . for example , " a knight on the rim is ugly and dim . " what a great way to teach kids to keep their knights in-play ! this program teaches kids how pieces move and some simple strategies . i would recommend getting fritz and chester 2 now since you are going to get it after your kids learn to play ! my boys both joined chess teams when they were in first and third grade . their use of this computer game gave them the advantage to win several chess games in tournaments . fritz and chester 2 is also great and my boys , now in third and sixth grade , still play it 
books neg 262.txt ageless body is deepak 's attempt to neutralize the word " old " as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like " body , " mind " and " self , " into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : " the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p . 36 ) " or try to interpret this one : " the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) " at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over " intelligent design . " he ca n't accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p . 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word " quantum " or not does n't change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n't , after awhile , go insane 
music pos 967.txt dj shadow is in my honest opinion one of the most overlooked artists in music today . threading the thin line between commercial and underground , and finding his niche somewhere in between ( as unkle says , the middle ground between light and shadow ) dj shadow continues to impress with every release he puts forth . i was fortunate enough to pick this album up right after its release , and actually purchased it before i bought endtroducing , which is by far dj shadow 's best album , and one of the best albums ever made . by sampling elements from just about anywhere shadow combines elements from our pop culture to create mini-movies of his songs which few artists can touch in terms of sheer production value , and the emotional effect that is created while listening to his music . i am actually glad i bought this album before endtroducing as it has given me the time to truly appreciate this album for what it is ; a work of art , and a continual growing of shadow 's talents . had i bought endtroducing before this and writtwn a review i 'm sure i would have garnered it with a 4 star review , but that is simply not the case here . while endtroducing is always going to be leaques above and beyond this album , josh davis has found a way here to go above and beyond what should be expected of an album , and given us an album that i 'm sure years from now i will still find elements in it that will grow even more on me with time . best enjoyed while driving or relaxing at home ( possibly with a little mary in tow , if you know what i mean ) , the songs fluctuate with peaks and valleys of highs and lows , and the beats are flawless , especially when compared to a lot of the mainstream garbage that is put out in the record industry on a regular basis . see the thing is that shadow bases his music upon how he feels , and artists that do this correctly achieve an emotional reaction from their music that the true artists of our world truly achieve . radiohead for example has a way of doing this , and it is not surprising then that one of dj shadows favorite artists is radiohead , they both fuse these elements into their music , and achieve monumental status in my opinion . the package design is equally well done as well showing an artists eye for presentation , and a graffiti influenced design to the overall package . if you enjoy this album then i highly recommend any of shadows works : endtroducing , preemptive strike , the private press , and in tune and on time , which is a live set recorded in support of this album . unkle is also a well thought out album which bridges the gap between hip-hop , rock and techno , with guest appearences by mike d of the beastie boys , thom yorke from radiohead , and others from throughout the music industry . if you 've never heard of dj shadow before , then i must say that you are missing out , if you are at all interested in underground music , do yourself a favor and pick up any of shadow 's albums or collaborations , i guarantee you will extremely impressed , as with any good album the songs have a way of growing on you over time . peace out 
music neg 516.txt every one is obbsessed with " hips do n't lie " . do n't they relize that the songs horrible . well , so is every other track on this album . save your money to waste on something that is atleast some what decent 
camera pos 421.txt overall , i am quite satisfied with the usability and photo quality of the canon a 710 is . this camera was an upgrade from my 3-year-old hp 935 - - the old guy still worked fine , but was very slow and did n't handle low-light situations very well at all . i was also looking for a bigger zoom range . after weighing the options , i decided that the a 710 is was the way to go . pros : - uses standard aa batteries . invaluable when you 're on the go and need more juice . also , the battery life has been very good - i 'm using the same aa rechargables i used for over a year in my old camera , and i routinely get 2-4 days usage from them before needing to recharge . - huge lcd screen that does n't suck power . fast response , too . - digital zoom that actually helps ! because the camera is 7.1 mp and has an image stabilizer , i can actually get usable images even at the full 24x combined zoom . very impressed . - very wide range of available settings . you can customize almost any aspect of this camera , from sounds to shutter speed to flash speed / brightness to focus to... . - big enough , and small enough . it will fit in my back pocket most of the time , but it 's big enough to remind me that it 's there before i sit down . - fast processing time . taking a 3 or 4 minute video and having it ready to go again in less than 5 seconds is a true novelty to me - - my old hp took forever ! the fast processor also helps in viewing the images on the camera - you can scroll through very quickly , and also jump to an image very quickly too . much better than previous canon models even . - memory backup battery . remembers what day it is , time it is , and what image you 're on - - even if you take the regular aa 's out . very useful . - fast start-up time . it 's ready to take a picture right after you turn it on , especially if you bypass the " welcome " image sound and screen . - cool features , like color swap and color select . also , there 's an option for when the camera is connected to your computer to set any image as your computer 's wallpaper with just the press of a button on the camera . the camera also allows you to use the digital zoom while taking video , a nice touch . - you can change lenses and add filters very easily . cons : - as i mentioned earlier , one of the reasons i upgraded from the hp was to have better luck with low-light situations . i 've had the camera now for just over a month , and i still have n't figured out the best setting for clear , low-light photos - - something that was very easy to do with older canon models , say , the a 510. as mentioned , there is a wide range of settings available , which can also be a negative if you do n't know quite what you 're looking for . - no " action " setting . similar to above , the one setting i miss the most from other canons is that action setting . this camera requires you to set it manually . - video file sizes . a typical 4-minute clip can run upwards of 200 mb - - making it almost impossible to send via email or upload anywhere online . also takes up a good chunk of a 1mb memory card , really quickly . canon would have done better to use mpeg-4 here instead of avi . - similarly , the video quality does n't reflect the large file size in most cases , though the sound quality is very good . - the big lcd is great , but is very hard to see outside in the sun . it does have a backup optical viewfinder , but using that puts your nose up against that lcd and leaves a nice smudge on it if you 're not careful . - buttons are still somewhat confusing after a month of use , but that 's relatively minor and will undoubtedly pass with time . - bundled software does not offer the ability to resize your images - - i have to go back through the old hp software if i want to take an image down from 3000 pixels wide to 600 ! overall , as mentioned , the camera is a huge improvement from my old hp , and even with all of those little annoyances , i 'm sure the camera would be a perfect fit for pretty much any amateur-to-intermediate photog . it 's no slr , but it 's getting there . and , you certainly ca n't beat the price 
books neg 646.txt this entire book reads like an 8th-grade research paper . from an uncountable amount of grammatical and spelling errors to numerous repeated sentences ( literally quotes retyped word for word , pages apart ) , it 's difficult not to get irritated while reading this . the information on weezer is great , but often times the author veers away from focusing on the band and gives too much information on things that even the most obsessed fan wo n't care about . unfortunately , this appears to be the only book on weezer out right now , so if you want to learn more about the band in book form this is all you 've got . i suggest just browsing around their official website , because it 's obvious that 's where the author got quite a bit of his information . do n't waste your money 
dvd neg 360.txt ok , i 'm a scifi fan . i read the scifi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me , and it really was good right up to the end . just one problem , they forgot to write the end . what happened ? did they run out of money ? did the writer write himself into a corner ? there was no climax , conclusion , or resolution . you can argue till you are blue in the face about " pan & scan . " i prefer movies with an ending . if you are looking for a great unfinished story , this one is for you 
camera neg 287.txt very cheap , you can tell it 's an fake camera miles away . sure it has these features of motion detector which makes it move and has led lights ; but not worth 6 dollars at all . stay awa 
software pos 621.txt a great new interface including control layout , easier than ever to use , and complete . there is no other product in this class . it looks great in xp and even sharper in vista . subject to some agreement with adbobe , you 'll have to download the free pdf writer from microsoft ( the beta came with it ) , but it works exactly the same and otherwise no suprises . the product is pricey and you may want to purchase a smaller release ( less applications in the suite ) depending on your needs 
books pos 209.txt what a wonderful book . it 's too bad so many readers today know only tom wolfe , not thomas wolfe . even though it has been at least 10 years since reading look homewood angel , i knew almost immediately when i came to the new sections . they add a depth to the novel , bringing in the whole town and relatives , rather being only about eugene gant . my favorite wolfe readings involve trains ; the experience about time stopping for a moment when you look into the eyes of someone looking directly at you into the train , is exactly as i remember my earlier train rides.what are they doing now , that the train has passed ? other 800 page books might be dull , but not this one . having been given it as a present recently , i am very surprised and disappointed that it is already ' out of print . &quot ; more people should know about o lost 
dvd pos 502.txt i really enjoyed this movie ! its not one of the best and a little cheesy ! but easy to watch and one of the funniest films ive seen him in ! just a shame he never got to show us what a good actor he could have been 
health neg 798.txt would have been better if i actually got this. . i ordered this and got 6 dr. bronner 's lavender soap with a hemp tree soap bar code on the back . i 'm too lazy to send back and i already opened one and the lavender is nice . but i would rather have the hemp tree.. . afraid to order again 
health neg 259.txt i was not at all satisfied with the nightguard , but the company accepted the return without question and refunded my money promptly 
music pos 56.txt it 's sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically " it 's good , everything 's going just way ok.. . " it 's happy . maybe i 'll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n't go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars 
camera pos 217.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment 
dvd neg 287.txt michael moore can be really funny at times , but most people should not take this goofball too seriously . about half way through ' the big one ' , i turned it off because i did not find it the least bit funny and i did n't know where moore was going . what is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of cheap trick ? this is not one of his better films 
health pos 293.txt it 's small , folds down and is great to pack for a trip instead of your big hair dryer . i just wish you could set it on cool and blow as fast cuz it does get pretty hot . very convenient item if you travel 
camera neg 58.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
books neg 762.txt read the microsoft documents , white papers and manuals on the microsoft web site instead . this book offers no easier approach to understanding than the techno-drill available from microsoft . who writes these reviews anyway ? i ca n't believe anybody really liked this book 
software neg 183.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right . 
software pos 682.txt i chose office ultimate 2007 as it seemed to not only have everything i could possibly need to run a business , but also easy functionality that would keep me from pulling my hair out because of software or design issues . ultimate 2007 certainly does n't disappoint ! - set up was fairly easy : two disks came with the package . disk one contains most of the software and disk two contains applications that guarantee that you are the owner of the software and have the right to all of the accounting and key business functions . - ribbon technology removes the old " hunt and find " menu method ( although for those of us that took the time to memorize and learn the location of every buttom and drop-down it did take a day or two to get used to the new set up ) . - integration with the web and other programs is virtually seemless . - excel is no longer the chore it once was because of the above mentioned ribbon . - accounting software is included . - ink and crossword . i 'm not one for games on my business pc , but for anyone that likes to doodle or zone out with crosswords , ultimate lives up to its name by including an art program designed for pen users and excellent crosswords . - onenote . i like post-its ( perhaps a little too much *l* ) and always used the post-it note software on my business computer to keep notes . i used onenote 2003 sparingly because i simply found the post-it note software easier to use on my desktop , but...with my tablet pc one note 2007 added a new dimension to my notetaking that i feel will work well with my business : the earlier mentioned web and application integration and handwriting to text functionality . i may still use post-it now and then for quick notes or perhaps the windows " stickys , " but the long note pages , pasting of images and other web info , and pen to paper note taking makes this product invaluable . - word . what can i say ? this is my primary software tool and i use it on a tablet pc . the 2007 applications were made for my computer type . i can easily click on formatting tools with the touch of my wacom pen and i do n't have to stop mid-thought to make a change or wait until i finish the document to then make my edits . - powerpoint , publisher , access , groove , infopath et cetera ( also included ) : i am still delving into these , but they appear to have all of the perks of the other programs . so , did i have any dislikes ? 1. the ink program does n't respond to my wacom pen as well as the windows journal or microsoft onenote . it also does n't have easy to use tools within the software . since it was an " extra " and will not be my primary desktop publishing , design , or art tool - i 'll probably remove it at some point from my tablet . 2. microsoft does not include an instruction manual or reference book with this program . as a result , after installation of the first disk and microsoft 's statement that all of my programs were installed , i could n't find my accounting software , had no idea that the accounting software was on the second disk ( the second disk , when loaded , does n't mention that the software is on the disk until after the software installation is complete and instead mentions other business applications ) , and wasted over an hour trying to find it . also , i 'm a " hands on " person and although i have access to the internet whenever i need it , i enjoy having an actual book in my hands from time-to-time while learning . ultimate is made with enough simplicity that a manual is n't really necessary ( i.e. most questions can be answered by the " help " window ) , but...for the hefty price tag , i do n't think it would have been too much to ask microsoft to include a basic " this is how you install the programs and this is what to expect " booklet . also note : athough microsoft , through their downloads e-mail updates , provided a " getting started " tab with a " how-to " for each major software applications , the tabs had to be added " after the fact " and many of you might find yourselves frustrated with the lack of upfront instructions on how to use the software . beside those few quirks , i fully stand behind my 5 star rating of this product and purchasing this product through amazon ( i.e. amazon 's pricing was less than the big boy retailers or online vendors ) . shipping turnaround with super saver : 2 days . 
health pos 716.txt if you do n't like getting attention , these are not for you . i 'm often surprised by people 's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off ; i 'm so accustomed to pulling them apart , that i forget how unusual the viewing public finds it . i have been wearing clics for nearly a year . i pretend that i do n't need glasses , but of course i do and have for nearly a decade . popped the standard diopter lenses out , and put in my bifocal prescription . it worked great , despite a warning from my optical shop . ( and even if they had broken from the experiment , the price is right : i could try it again . ) previously i was wearing glasses on a chain . besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer , i also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching . then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break . i call the color of mine " magenta " - which may or may not be the same as the online " red " - i bought them in a shop ( **gasp** ) . my short hair is not a problem , but i agree that reading in bed does n't work . so i use a different pair for those occasions 
dvd pos 299.txt i was thinking about purchasing all four of these movies , but to have them together in a box set is a beautiful thing . i will not bore you with the reviews of these movies , those who love akira kurosawa movies sees the stories closely matching those of shakespeare , a clint eastwood western , and star wars . for the price and what you get , it 's a steal 
camera neg 762.txt this camcorder is only good for outdoor recording . in indoor recording or recording in little bit low light , picture quality is very bad . i tried to record in my living room where i have two 100 watt bulbs but recorded picture was very blurred . in outdoor recording in a sunny day , picture quality is quite good with sharp colors . zoom works well 
software neg 633.txt if , like myself , you have many dx and vst plug-ins installed on your system , then audition 2.0 is definitely not the choice with you . somehow , the idiots who made this junk have made it completely incompatible with 3rd-party plugs such as waves diamond bundle . oddly enough , this was not a problem in earlier editions of audition , or its former incarnation , cooledit . but now , audition crashes irrevocably when trying to use many vst and dx plugs ( except , of course , the ones made by adobe themselves . ) bottom line ? this software is crap . absolute crap . if you 're serious about audio production , go with wavelab . heck , even free multitrack audio software like kristal works better than this . if , for some reason , you absolutely need audition , then go with an earlier , more stable version , such as 1.5. 2.0 is about as useful as a football bat . 
dvd neg 14.txt this dvd is very cheesy and i am sorry i bought it . 
camera neg 110.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
software neg 164.txt im computer literate and regularly use a number of varying programs from visio to logic audio to ms office . after picking up illustrator however , im frustrated by the lack of intuition and steep learning curve the software offers . ive been told that the world revolves around 2 types of people : those who " get " vector graphic programs , and those who errrr...dont . unfortunately , after 10 hours use and much manual reading , i fall into the later category . i dont plan to give up however and plan to enroll in a course . this decision was supported by friends proficient in its use - but who had difficulty demonstrating the complex concepts to me . ( indeed , defining the direction of a drawn curve was as intuitive as metaphsyics or nuclear science ! ) so my advice is this : be extremely carefull if youve never used illustrator before . it may be a breeze to those well versed in its use , but to an absoloute beginner its an extremely difficult program to grasp and you may be dissapointed to find this out after youve forked out your hard earned dollars for it . 
dvd neg 264.txt they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this " docu " is more slanted than " fahrenheitt 911 " every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking . 
dvd neg 228.txt this was one of the worst group performances i have ever seen ! unbelievable that disney has financed this " hack act " . and the tread has only started with other weak talented groups coming out of disney . save your money for a better movie 
books pos 877.txt the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols by robert beer ( who has studied and practice tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years ) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred tibetan art . black-and-white illustrations depict all the major buddhist symbols and motifs , while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each . the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into buddhist studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of tibetan art 
music neg 166.txt judas preist 's 1974 debut album . this is simpley weird , i could see why the band hates this album so much...simpley becuase it is so uneven and utterly sloppy and the production sounds like they recorded it in bfi dumpster . when i first got this , i was like " what the hell ? " , granted , debut albums are far from perfect , but this was just downright miserable . this sounds like a combination of pink floyd , rush , black sabbath and cream on an acid trip . the song rocka rolla was ok and so was one for the road , but the rest of the material was abismal . sad wings of destiny was such an improvment from this mess ! the coolest thing about this album is the weird scrapping guitar effects tipton makes on one of the songs ! i 'm surprised that this was even issued on a cd , the band does n't even acknowlege the existance of this album and i can see why ! fortuanatly they prooved to be so much more then what this platter of stange noises provided us with . i know that there are some that like this , but not me ! it is very blues based in some songs , and the most annoying thing is that some of these numbers will put you to sleep . any one expecting a rocking metal album from the preist will be let down by this 
camera neg 830.txt date on still photo will not print , it 's no good where yoy need that type of info on the printed photo 
software neg 45.txt obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone 
books neg 419.txt this book was written in 1982 , updated in 1995. it has a whole section on cameras , which is n't useful since most of them are outdated . does n't even mention digital cameras . since it specifically discusses the mechanics of cameras , i found this book to be disappointing . 
camera pos 19.txt this , in my very humble opinion , is the most useful , the sharpest , and just about anything else good you can think of say , best wide angle lense ever produced by anybody , anytime , anywhere . lightning fast and that 's what you want when the light is low . my gal pal sara and i have often wandered the caribbean islands in the dawn 's early light , as she is into shooting old homes . she particularly likes the gingerbread homes in marigot , on the french side of st. martin . i swear she must have them all on her hard drive . it 's like an obsession with her and this lens aids her passion , feeds into her manic desire to try and control the light . she just loves it and since i love her , i gotta love it too . seriously though , i 've used the lense quite a bit myself and it 's a keeper if ever there was one . you just go wrong with a canon " l " lense , no siree . jack priest , sailor home from the se 
dvd neg 911.txt i also found this " best of " collection to fall very short of the " best " ! there are clearly many other episodes they could have , and should have used and included to make this truly a " best of " feature . the few cases they did showcase were by far not the scariest ! a definite disappointment , ...though still a fan ! ! 
dvd pos 398.txt this is my favorite toning workout and i 'm sure to incorporate it into my routine for my once a week tone-fest . what i like best about it is that i can customize it to whatever body part i think needs the most work this week . need a 30 minute ab workout ? you can choose it . think the arms and legs need work ? no problem . want to tone a little bit of everything ? you can do that , too . the instructors are all good - clear , not irritating , and they come up with some unique exercises to work each body part - it 's not your standard crunches for ab work on this video . this was one of my best purchases , workout-wise . i wish there were more dvd 's / workouts out there with minna lessig - she is my favorite instructor ( she does the arm / leg workouts on this dvd ) . the other two instructors are wonderful as well - and the workout just seems to fly by , although at the end you do know you 've worked those muscle groups . 
camera neg 887.txt it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue . 
music pos 891.txt both the italian version ( io canto ) and the spanish version ( yo canto ) are excellent , and amongst the best albums that i have heard this past year . the music is absolutely beautiful , fresh , and very well paced , and laura 's voice is soaring ! the quality of this album is exceptional....the production of the songs lends to laura 's very passionate approach to them . without understanding a word of either version , i cannot get enough of them ! listening to laura on this latest release of hers over and over again , each song continues to grow on me and i find myself completely absorbed in this album ! do yourself a favor and get this one....especially if you live in the united states . it will give you an opportunity to experience the power of what music can be if done right . you 'll find yourself relating to words you do n't even understand ! 
dvd neg 580.txt this woman may have a great body , but she cannot teach dancing for anything . in the 35 minute ' cardio dance ' portion , dance steps are taught frustratingly fast ( and this is from somebody that enjoys dancing ! ) . it took so long to figure out the steps- -which are not your ' typical ' exercise or step class steps- -that i shut the dvd off and jumped on the treadmill . the two 15 minute hip and thigh workouts are a little better , but you really need to do them both back-to-back to feel any benefits . i would say this is a good video for anybody thats got lots of patience to learn the moves and an alternate workout for the first few times you run the dvd , because you 'll get no benefit from the workout while trying to figure out what she 's doing . save your money ! 
health pos 137.txt i like the 4 brush holder and the power and brushing action of this model . the kids find the 30 second interval timer especially helpful to keep moving around the mouth . it 's a bit louder than the older model , probably because it 's got an additional motion , and the blue charging light is bright enough for a night light . overall , just what we wanted 
camera pos 387.txt i going to write the for non techs out there.. . i can use it , my wife can use it , my mom can use it and my 5 year old son can use it . it is just that simple to use . you do not need to know anything about taking shots , other than how to zoom and pick the right settings , and if you play with the camera for a few days you will know them . one other reviewer said to get the following : 1. at least a 512 mb memory stick pro duo to take 160 or so pictures in one go 2. rechargeable aa batteries and a charger 3. case and i must say yes , yes and yes.. . to all , they are a must.. . this camera , feels good in your hands , screen size is great . you can see the screen in both sunlight and at nights . the menu is very easy to follow and the quality of the picture are clean and clear . i ca n't comment on the software that comes with the camera as i have a apple computer and i use iphoto . for the price , i felt like i got a $[...] sony.. . 
dvd pos 920.txt this was the first silent film that i saw in its entire form . the 1927 king of kings , directed by cecil b . demille . as with d.w griffth , charlie chaplin , and greta garbo , he is right up their amoung silent icons . this movie , starring h.b. warner as jesus is a truely a jewel of a film . everyone knows the story , but it is told very well here . demille knew his bible films , like ten commandments ( 1924 , 1956 ) samson and delilah and this movie , the king of kings . the film maybe dated a tiny bit , but can the story of jesus be dated . i love jesus movies , like jesus of nazareth , the greatest story ever told . the 1961 king of kings , and the musicals jesus christ superstar and godspell . and the story of christ was also tackled in the 1916 d.w griffth classic intolerence . but this film is broughhow much t out in much better detail . the special effects are amazing for 1927 , the crucifixion scene is astondishing , and a scene in color , which is the resurrection scene.the cast of characters is also amazing . in our era of movies , if you need a big scene , a will have only 100 people , and cgi the other tens of thousands . since there was no cgi back in 1927 , or computers for that matter , they directors like demillie and griffth had to actually get thousands of extras for there scenes in these epics . i know people think silents are boring but for an 18 year old , they are a gateway to the past . without those groundbreaking films , no one would care about movies . those early silents were the catalyst for what would become . i would recommend this film . this movie is a true classic , no matter what religion you are 
health neg 940.txt i bought this item and had it shipped to a friend out of state . it never worked . she replaced the batteries when it arrived , but that did n't help . it was a complete waste of time and money 
music neg 111.txt i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie 
books pos 593.txt i 've had this book since 1997 and i still refer to it for ideas . it has such a unique and diverse pictorial on each page by ' grand ' and ' credible ' photographers . for anyone who takes pictures...likes pictures...this book is a must get for you . i have it on my coffee table and i get rave comments on it all of the time about what a great book it is 
camera pos 689.txt one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife 
health pos 286.txt this model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago . i bought another off of amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it , and i figured i could use a second one to keep in my travel bag . i 'd have to say i 'm pretty pleased with the trimmer . i like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when i want to change the trimming depth . i use it a few times a week , and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge . the little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....it 's catches probably 70% of what i trim . you 'll want to be sure you 're standing over a sink or towel when using it . well worth the $30 i spent for this grooming tool 
music neg 10.txt it is beyond me that a record label would put this out . it 's so embarassing how bad he rips bright eyes from song structure , subject the production and even the cover art looks just like fevers and mirrors . 
dvd pos 262.txt this is a highly entertaining film with an incredibly minimalist screenplay that succeeds beyond all expectations . this film 's strengths are its characters and the actors that portray them . sean connery plays captain marko ramius with great bravado and charisma relying greatly on his mesmerizing screen presence to maneuver the entire direction of this film . tim curry is amusing as the dutiful dr. petrov in a role well suited for him . the rest of the cast balances out the histrionics of sean connery and tim curry with realistic and convincing performances to bring authenticity and realism to the drama of this film . alec baldwin as jack ryan , james earl jones as admiral james greer , sam neill as captain vasily borodin , scott glenn as commander bart mancuso , richard jordan as dr. jeffrey pelt and an impressive peter firth as political officer ivan putin bring a needed sense of pragmatism to their collective roles to bolster the dramatics and emotion of the story . this was probably one of alec baldwin 's best performances and he truly conducts himself in the manner that the character of jack ryan should have been portrayed . baldwin perfectly conveyed the analytical mind that the character of jack ryan embodied . sam neill is also brilliant as the dedicated officer who also possesses a very human side that perhaps puts him in conflict with carrying out his duties to the full extent of his country 's political dictates and ambitions . sam neill has a wonderful role in this regard and he plays it flawlessly . i liked scott glenn 's character immensely as the us commander who truly has to rely on his instincts and his logical interpretation of facts and events to face what is put before him . the list of performances goes on but the point is that portrayal of these characters and how they think and conduct themselves is at the heart of this film . their efforts make this film a great political , action-adventure and emotional drama . 
music neg 596.txt these guys were the nirvana of r&b , motown , soul , black music in the 90s . as nirvana was the band that ended good white music . boyz to men was the band that ended good black music . i am kinda pissed because nobody seems to notice it like i do . these guys especially the lead singer would always sing , oh wah oh wah oh oh ohhh oh after every sentence . i mean compare these guys to kool and the gang or the commodores or rick james . i could name tons and im not really a fan of soul type music . barry white , whitney houston , bobby brown , the temptations isaac hayes luther vandross . i mean in the 90s i think almost every r&b group was better than boyz to girls . i dont understand why these guys are so popular . i guess its just like seinfeld it sucks bad but people like it . its like all these idiots were born yesterday forgetting about quality music and sitcoms from the past that were better . 
dvd neg 153.txt if this movie was ever going to have a chance , it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long , or never attempted in the first place . some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just ca n't be dealt with that way . what you have as a result is another story entirely . there just was n't time enough , i guess , to develop the characters , or even to include half of them . the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george . the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating , and we are left with painful stereotypes and , in the case of roland michell , a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming . my best advice is that if you 've read the book , skip the movie , but if you saw the movie , you should do yourself a favor and get the book 
books pos 664.txt with astute attention to the details of character , setting and daily life , susan kelly illuminates the ordinary . pondering love , memory , faith , and responsiblity , kelly transforms the everyday into the quintessential . this is a beautifully rendered story 
health pos 484.txt i received one of these towels as a gift several years ago . it was , by far , one of the best gifts i have ever received ! it soaks all of the water out of your hair and leaves it perfect for blow drying . for women , this is a five star gift 
books neg 704.txt what i learned in this book could have been placed on 1 page . sure , business life is a challenge and your competitors are not your friends , but this book did not deliver on facts and details . i do n't see much difference between this book and the guru-books 
books neg 518.txt great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition 
health neg 466.txt i 'm not sure if i just received a defective pen or what happened . my general experience with cross pens has been very positive . this one , however , is awful . it does n't write smootly and leaves ink everywhere 
books neg 326.txt i am an avid fan of true crime books and this is by far the most one-sided book i 've ever read . it was n't about the crimes , it was about this author 's personal feelings and dislike of aileen wuornos . he has a real problem with women , lesbians in particular . he made ms. wuornos out to be someone she wasn't . she had a hard life , yes and chose to committ crimes , but that was n't what this book was about . again , it was n't worth the $. i actually threw my copy of this away 
software pos 912.txt great deal , great price , great product . emedia guitar method is by far one of the greatest computer learn to play programs out there . my order netted me a brand new , factory fresh product , securely and quickly shipped . thanks , again 
dvd pos 282.txt the direction was a grade acting top class and to top it you had eric and clint eastwood .eric fleming was mindblowing .one has yet to come across an actor with his confidence class and authority .yes i agree we always tend to focus on clint forgetting that it was eric who was mile ahead of him.todays generation has to watch these episodes in black and white to understand the beauty of this great western.yes the fact is without rawhide there would be no clint eastwood 
camera neg 822.txt i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least . 
health neg 257.txt i 've had these clippers for a little over a month now and they are by far the worst pair of clippers i have ever owned . i have short hair and cut my hair myself twice a week . the length adjuster on the side of the clippers does n't hold . if the clippers are positioned all the way up all it takes is a little pressure and the blade goes all the way down . tightening the screw did n't help either . the attachments do n't fit right , especially the blend attachment . this attachment can only be used if you do n't mind the feeling of having the hair ripped out of your head because all it does is pull . the only good thing about these clippers is that its cordless but whats the point if the clippers suck 
software pos 272.txt i love this product , but i wish i could see all floors put together as completed home in 3d view . 
books neg 728.txt the text gets 5 stars for the orientation , organization , and the on-line resources for the text . it describes exactly what you would want in an applied corporate finance course . unfortunately , i have to deduct 3 stars because the text contains too many typos and smple calculations which i specifically want my students not to make . this has been frustrating for my students , as well as myself . however , i am confident that when this problem is cleaned up , the book will be among the best applied corporate finance text in the market . i strongly recommend a new , corrected edition 
dvd neg 292.txt my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the " philosophy " of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places . all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make . on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went 
books neg 468.txt i 'll start with the positive : the main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall , good-looking , smart , humble , etc. the story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow , carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words . in short , it was a competent work of fiction . that 's where my praise ends , because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas . sure , it 's a work of fiction , no one is going to take it seriously , yada yada yada . but that 's not true , is it ? so many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers . alright , here are my problems with it : first , politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power , but that 's not true if you 're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state . in term limits , vince flynn just beats you over the head with the " power corrupts " mantra - he does n't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song , yet from the lips of the marine combat veteran congressman who is our protagonist . you know what , though ? there are people in politics on both sides of the aisle who really want to do what 's right , who really are trying to make a difference for the positive , for this nation and the citizens . in this book , however , the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they are n't smart enough to make good decisions . second , murder is a viable answer . this repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land . come on , get real . this book touts a special forces unit as being so committed to the constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he does n't balance the budget . and , they get away with it because it 's really the right side to be on . murdering our leaders is the answer according to vince flynn . murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation , that being elections . elections apparently just get in the way . third , the balanced budget . for years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget . the book makes it the central theme . balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible . it 's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel . a coup ! ! ! yet , when the conservatives did take power , despite vince flynn 's prescient forecasting ability , they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and did n't flinch . even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility , they claim that now ! ! ! ! ! the deficit is n't a big deal , that it 's really just a function of the percentage of gdp and we ought to all forget about it . this book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90 's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later . it 's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits . fourth , the good guys do n't do bad things . the special ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians . the bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool . flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous , though shalt not ? - cv ric 
dvd neg 544.txt let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language 
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh 
software pos 888.txt this new version is cleaner and better than v12 in several areas that are important to me . particularily the improved trace features 
camera neg 292.txt bought the charger and an extra battery . when my camera battery started getting low i tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries . competely useless . have to go buy a different charger 
books neg 947.txt i read this book for a book report , and because i could not choose another one i could not stop reading it . because i was forced to read this book i now have the knoledge and misfortune of this pathetically boring story . the steriotypical characters hurried through the story full of excuses . 1 star for one very boring book 
camera neg 750.txt i bougt this camera because i had had a sony coolpix 3 , which took great pictures . with this camera , you can never get it adjusted right . if you use the flash the pictures are to light , if you dont they are too dark . it is a constant battle with this little cute camera . worse camera purchase i ever made . 
books pos 469.txt when tom returns w / huck & jim from thier crazy escapeds in huckleberry finn , he 's the center of fame . but when it wears off tom begins to hanker for a new adventure . he found it , all right . trapped in a runaway balloon w / a mad sceintist who wants to commit a glorious suicide is n't my idea of a leisurely summer vacation , but it gets pretty funny 
books pos 457.txt an amazing resource to the odd world of chick collecting . mr. fowler has crafted an exhausting , almost overwhelming guide to all of chick 's works and articles about him . everything is cross-referenced to the point of where the reader is nearly overwhelmed with information . minute details of publishing histories and changes to individual tracts are documented down to the smallest letter . the book ( presented in a distinctive computer printout style , possibly due to its origins as a self-published work ) is packed with charts of pricing info and catalog numbers . but even casual chick fans will enjoy the & quot ; history of the world&quot ; segment , which ties all of jack 's wild theories into a cohesive narrative , and a segment devoted entirely to fun trivia ( there 's a list of every instance of the term & quot ; haw&quot ; for instance ) . each tract and comic is described , and info is given on various parodies and rip-offs . this is a must for all chick fans ( both & quot ; saved&quot ; and otherwise ) 
dvd pos 962.txt firstly , do n't let the dvd region 1 status put you off - i am in australia and this disc played perfectly on my pc , dvd player and even the ps2 ! it 's wonderful to finally see an intimate performance by elvis costello on dvd ! it brought so many memories of his tour in 2004 back to me . elvis fans will love this dvd featuring his latest music , along with many oldies , it is very rare to get up close and personal with this man ! elvis gives 100% of himself on stage ! a must for your music dvd collection 
software neg 270.txt i wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit i belong to . i had used videowave 7 which was ok and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent i would have to reload the software . i thought i would give pe 3.0 ago , since adobe products generally have a good reputation . well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . the program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . the camera records dvd video ( vob files ) straight to dvd . when i capture these files into the pe program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . i have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . there is nothing to be done from that point...for me this program falls on the first hurdle ! ! it is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that i actually paid money for it...a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort . i have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than videowave 7 imho . i was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered . if you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . if you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . big disappointment 
books pos 784.txt moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on & quot ; discourse ethics . &quot ; written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in & quot ; philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project 
health neg 808.txt the nose trimmer works well , but the electric razor not well at all . does not cut at all . i would suggest the nose trimmer but not the razor . the cost was a little high for the product 
books neg 764.txt ch.9 - heated moments - graphic details of a girl starting her period . writing makes it seem that a girl 's period is something wrong 
books pos 385.txt this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n't read " caught stealing " and " six bad things " , head to borders now so you can read them before " a dangerous man " . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its ' finest 
books pos 171.txt those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition 
camera pos 699.txt bought as a gift for daughter in law . she loves it . seems to be an excellant entry level camcorder . enough bells and whistles to satisfy most without being excessively expensive . quality is good which is to be expected from jvc . operation is simple enough and picture quality even for jpeg internet quality stills is satisfactory . 
books neg 670.txt i know all this stuff seems like a good idea but have we forgotten ghb ? that was supposedly the fountain of youth a few years ago and now no one hardly even talks about it . let me let you in on a little secret , ghb turned out to be a very addictive substance and in fact a handy little trick to get a girl naked without any problems like dinner movie or even her knowing you for that matter . like hgh , everyone jumped on it before all the data was in . please put your money away and be safe . a pretty face is n't worth the trouble this could potentially cause . and lets be realistic at 60 you really wo n't ever look 20 again and the weight you would have lost will be the money leaving your pocket book and not the fat from your thighs . work out , do yoga , and eat a healthy vegetarian diet and you ca n't go wrong . also , when i stopped eating sugar the cellulite also disappeared and so did those extra pounds 
dvd pos 930.txt the muppets take manhattan will keep your children imused from the very begining . the music in cordination with the muppets of all different kinds keep the minds of young children going at all times . i would recomend this movie would be great for children starting at age 2.5 and older 
books neg 367.txt i might have been expecting too much , but i was disappointed with this book . i did not learn anything on dark magick per se . the first half of the book is about a variety of subjects like , goths , vampires , lost souls , the collective unconscious , dark deities , satanism and some other stuff . the second half is about magick , but it sounds more like high magick to me . where 's the dark magick 
camera pos 13.txt this is a very powerful flash unit that works as a master to other canon flash units . you can get very nice results with a small amount of experimentation . it does what it suppose to . i used it with the 420ex i 've had for several years and it worked fine . mounted on the camera it 's a larger version of the built in popup on the 30d with some extra niceties and lots more power . thinking of the 430ex ? cough up the few extra bucks for this baby , you 'll be glad you did . it 's a one shot deal , [no pun intended] , you 'll be using it for years to come . i bought the 420ex for my elan ii e about 6 years ago . it 's been a great unit . this one recharges faster and has gobs more power . you 'll love it ! do n't let all the dials and switches scare you , read the instruction manual 
dvd pos 488.txt i thought.. . what the heck , i 'll watch it . so i did . i loved it . i was so surprised none of the critics liked it . it was well made and the characters are all rather believable . i was surprised at how many bad reviews it got . i thought it was rather good 
dvd pos 1.txt the story of " alice in wonderland " was controversial from the moment that the reverend charles lutwidge dodgson , aka lewis carroll , wrote it . some took the story as horror rather than a childhood fantasy . others consider alice 's journey as a trip into or through insanity . for better or worse , disney did capture many of these elements , and the same criticisms of the books that form the basis of this film apply to the film . however , there are also those who loved the books and loved the film . normally i recommend disney classis without reservations . in the case of this movie , i will keep a couple of provisos . alice is a young girl bored by her lessons . as the length of the lessons grows , alice soon drifts off , until a white rabbit passes by , muttering to himself that he is late . alice follows the white rabbit and falls into a rabbit hole that seems to fall forever . luckily for alice her dress opens out into a kind of parachute and slows her descent . once at the bottom of the hole , alice discovers a door into which she is unable to pass because the door is too small . however , there is a vial labeled " drink me " that alice discovers makes her small enough to go through the door . alice is soon on her way into a series of surreal adventures that are in the best tradition of adult animation . indeed , alice might have worked better as an adult story given the number of references to adult vices and frailties throughout the film . even the fundamental basis of alice 's journey through wonderland owes as much to psychological references as it does childhood fantasies . the ending of alice 's journey in particular is quite frightening , especially to younger children , embodying all that can be horrible in nightmares . i remember seeing " alice in wonderland " as a child , and i remember i thought the ending was scary , and i was relieved when alice was able to escape back to the normal world . given that this film is well over fifty years old , i was disturbed by the smoking caterpillar , if for no other reason than our current knowledge of what smoking does . the smoke did negatively affect alice as it made her cough . perhaps there is an object lesson for children here . while some consider many of the references to allude to drugs , i think that is a modern interpretation . i think eating or drinking items to get larger or smaller was merely a convenient plot device for the author rather than an allegory for drug use . remember that this story was first published in 1869. i believe this film is excessively criticized by those who do not like its style and the post-era associations with negative elements that were never intended by the original author and by disney . for all these provisos , this film is excellent . it matches " fantasia " in its surreal visions , and the construct and tying together of the individual stories is superb . the animation is marvelous as well , readily illustrating the vision of alice 's journey . this movie is one of those rare disney films that i am unable to recommend to all viewers . whether you will enjoy this film is strictly a matter of personal taste . if you enjoy animation oriented toward adults , then you may find this animation a treat . if you are open-minded about the story and consider when the story was written and animated , you may also find that you enjoy it . i do recommend this movie for slightly older children , perhaps 8 and above , considering some of the disturbing images . good luck ! 
software pos 348.txt i notice with gratitude that symantec has removed many glitches from nav . installation is now faster and smoother . the program is running well in the background , updating itself and sending notifications of any attention it needs 
software neg 195.txt i used a bundled package in a new laptop to create a photo album . when trial time expired , i purchase the full package . i could not open the existing album with the new software . the new full package is hard to use and the so called 1000 's of templates can not be found . use something else ! ! ! i even e-mailed corel about this . its been 4 days , i have not had a response . do not buy ! ! ! i rate this produce as a -2 stars 
music pos 729.txt as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great 
music pos 888.txt its just realy sad that hip-hop dont sound like hard to earn anymore.. . gang starr still gets daily airplay on my stereo and im glad i support these guys 
software neg 624.txt i installed this on my laptop and it slowed it down to a crawl . i deinstalled it , installed norton 2005 , bought the subscription renewal and my laptop is back up to speed . you have been warne 
dvd neg 444.txt so i decided maybe i 'll give this exploitation thing a try considering i love gore , violence , and horror movies . the reason i give it a 1 star is because it just is n't that good of a movie . it 's very boring for most of the movie . about the first 20 or so minutes few words are even said . then the guys just rape this woman several times , then she comes back for a very unsatisfying revenge . it 's very slow paced and does n't live up to the hype . it is n't all that gory , and it is n't scary either . also , the rape is n't that convincing . i 'm not saying i need everything shown in detail , but the acting is so bad it makes it seem as if its not even a big deal . oh , and the woman gets revenge on one of the men who raped her...and he was practically mentally retarded . the guy really just fell in with the wrong crowd and they convinced him to do something bad . that is not grounds for what she did to him , which in my opinion was the worst of the killings . anyways . not that good of a movie , do n't let the lure of sleaze and violence make you think it will be worth your time because its not 
camera neg 921.txt at least if your going to decieve people about the lcd screen in the back , at least make the picture quality decent . i mean this barely qualifies as a picture . some pictures are so bright it just looks like a splash of light . this was sickening to me because my daughter was excited and it broke her heart when i had to return it because she expected to at least be able to see the pictures . definatly stay away from this camera 
health pos 398.txt this hair dryer is truly a professional , salon type dryer . many dryers are advertised as such , but this one lives up to that reputation . very sleek , beautiful coloring and easy to handle with turbo feature . this was a surprise ( turbo ) which i 'm enjoying , coupled with the smooth and strong drying . the sound is even pleasant , not too loud , and it works quickly . ( especially since i have very thick hair ) i would recommend this dryer as an excellent buy for the inexpensive price . aj in n 
music pos 144.txt " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album . 
health neg 893.txt i placed the order on feb 28 , but did not receive the package even on april 12. i called the customer service , and was told that the item has never been shippped , while i do not receive any information about that . moreover the customer service even do n't bother to say sorry 
camera pos 439.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
health pos 857.txt i 'm not sure how well since i have never used anything like this before , but my bath water feel a whole lot better and i do not itch for an hour afterwards . i probably should have rated a 5 star , but i really have no base for comparing . i will definitely buy this product again . 
dvd neg 259.txt i hate lawyers . what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : " first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! " . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : " get all the lawyers in a room- --and shoot ' em ! - --in the mouth , so you *can't * miss ! " exactly . anyway , " the firm " is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel " the firm " : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but- --in " the firm " , anyway- --he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian- --hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm- --to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and " the firm " cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff- --tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up- --that the big-screen treatment of " the firm " is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court . pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , " the firm " was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients- --i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : " the firm " is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of ' em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she doesn't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she isn't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto- --what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js 
software neg 56.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 ( $90 ) or less 
dvd neg 951.txt as cute and talented as i think hugh jackman is , this production was a waste of time , space and money . everyone involved in this feature should be ashamed of themselves . the acting is bad , the script is horrendous and the cg people apparently think their stuff do n't stink...which it does-badly . it 's not the worse movie i 've seen , but it 's surprisingly close . please do n't waste your time with this film 
dvd pos 140.txt a great exercise tape- -plenty of variety and feels like it is doing the trick . if only denise would come into the house and make me exercise daily , this would really work 
music neg 701.txt while the title cut with joe public was bumping most of this disc is so-so&amp ; formula driven.without teddy riley the grooves&amp ; vibe are n't as strong 
camera neg 424.txt as the previous reviewer pointed out , this is not the klic-5001 1700 mah battery as described in the product details , it is the lower capacity ( 1050 mah ) klic-5000. at least it is the kodak battery , if that matters to you . ( i have a new kodak camera and want to protect the warranty . ) if not , plenty of places sell the generic klic-5001 for less than amazon sells the kodak klic-5000 
health pos 209.txt my husband is very pleased with his " self-cleaning " razor , although he did n't like the idea of having to keep purchasing the cleaning solution packs . it 's an excellant appliance 
camera neg 56.txt the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it 
software pos 678.txt a great program . pretty easy to use . you have to play around with it to learn all the things it will do . i bought it usedfrom a list on amazon and it was fine . really like the program . linda j johnso 
camera pos 293.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
dvd pos 27.txt my son was over 2 before we introduced be videos . there are definitely those which cater to the younger baby with lots of random images , but this one is great in that it has puppet shows with a little plot , as well as discrete integrated units for each of the seasons . unlike some of the other be 's with random visuals , here the visuals truly support the learning objective desired . concur with other reviewers as well that this is the most robust be video in bonus features . it has both puppet shows and another short learning video of all the seasons . and no i did n't care for the commercial either.. . 
camera pos 409.txt for its size and price , this little light ca n't be beat . very transportable and produces a dramatic influence on the image quality of evening shoots indoors . i think this is a must have for camcorder owners . my vhs family movies shot over 20 years ago are still a source of pure joy , so i see this as a miniscule investment for the long-term return . 
health pos 602.txt looking for something small and portable ? this is perfec 
health neg 533.txt i bought this product a few months ago and now it has stopped working . ans i do agree , the smaller the hair straightener , the better ( i originally had a smaller one , that my salon uses , but it also stopped working ) . the light is on , and the heat comes off and on randomly . very upsetting . 
books neg 388.txt " being a lover of freedom , when the [nazi] revolution came , i looked to the universities to defend it , knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth ; but no , the universities were immediately silenced . then i looked to the great editors of the newspapers , whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom ; but they , like the universities , were silenced in a few short weeks... . only the church stood squarely across the path of hitler 's campaign for suppressing the truth . i never had any special interest in the church before , but now i feel a great affection and admiration for it because the church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom . i am forced to confess that what i once despised i now praise unreservedly . " - - albert einstein . what i 'm getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad , that 's easy . when you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily , you may want to consider the source ; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact , vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution . or maybe israel zolli , chief rabbi of rome whose conversion to catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church 's reaction to the plight of the jewish people . this book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized . it is important to read a work like this however , in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author 's motive 
software neg 783.txt you can get mac os x for 129 bucks and it has everything as opposed to the microsoft 's 227 dollar home premium which is the low end . buy mac and get all the functionality in one os . when spec'ed out the system are comparable in price , except apple does n't offer low-end hardware options which is why they seem more expensive 
dvd pos 451.txt i do n't often watch foreign films . the reason being , as an american , i do n't feel that i can ever fully grasp the cultural and linguistic subtleties needed to truly understand and enjoy these works . french... . spanish... . german.. . etc... . regardless of nationality , genre , or time period , they generally leave me cold . with that in mind , i went into this with no doubts as to the film 's greatness , but again , did n't think as an american i would be able to see it , as the situational nuances would be lost on me . as it turned out , i was wrong , and found a sublime masterpiece that went down easily , and did n't seem obtuse or " foreign " . the experience could best be likened to watching " the graduate " , as you find yourself viewing seemingly mundane events and conversations , but the subtle turns in those events and words speak of such depth and gravity that you feel almost driven to your knees by the masterwork that you are watching . i wo n't recap the storyline , or discuss details of the movie itself , i just wanted to say that i went into this skeptical , expecting to find a picture that i could n't relate to , but what i found was an immediate , compelling and moving work that speaks volumes of the human condition . 
camera neg 815.txt straight out of the box disappointment with the extremely poor quality . plug into wall and does not work . after trying numerous different outlets / wiggles of the cord , it finally powered on . after putting in a card , the pics were ok , passable . the mp3 popped and moaned and popped some more , and i was only playing very quiet jazz . this is not worth the money even though it is cheap . pay a little more and get one that is of better quality 
dvd pos 804.txt this movie was probably the best one next to lucario and the mystery of mew and jirachi wish maker . pokemon ranger centers around the legendary pokemon manaphy and of course ash and his friends . some new and amazing characters include buizel , jackie the ranger , mantyke , and chatot the annoying but funny pokemon . the villian is great , the ending is amazing , and the effects were the best yet 
dvd neg 472.txt this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the " talk radio " play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc. instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course . the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc. the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of " friends " . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second " lone gunman " shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again . costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film " z " . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts . a better film today would show the bad results from " nafta " and " free trade " in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this " war on the middle class " . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w . bush calling his policy " operation iraqi liberation " . 
music neg 948.txt when will artist realize you ca n't change the old classics . the only successfull r&b group to sing the classic " night and day " to their own beat was the temptations cd " what women want " the best rendition i have ever heard . smokey does have the voice for these kinds of songs . another good cd with classics is willie nelson 's stardust 
dvd pos 74.txt i have always like stephen lynch . his video " live at the elray " was absolutely awesome . i even gave one to my cousin this christmas . defintely worth the price 
dvd neg 820.txt synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for " 3 to 5 years " to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes " outside channels " to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the " galaxy " hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is ordered to kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . " it 's cleaner this way.. . " , he 's told . joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifying in court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life . the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face in the real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going for this one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge . the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs . joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boring and none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly " thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me " but it does n't happen . at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he 's testifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like don ameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall . if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why did n't they send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker . the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting . if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat . don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other characters used . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it 30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go to jail for money . overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale . scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $1 of gas , and gets $4. he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gas attendant takes the car keys his reaction is " please , please , please " a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene was over valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's character to justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - " how many times did i laugh ? " this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $1 bin at wal-mart . writing criticism : lines like " he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy " and lines like " a big man knows the value of a small coin " and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense . the writing is drivel . alternative recommended film : " trading places " with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and also don ameche , albeit in a smaller role 
health pos 194.txt these are by far the best newborn size diapers especially for small babies , but if you order them through amazon , your baby may outgrow them before they even arrive ! i waited 5 weeks then cancelled the order and ordered size 1 , which actually arrived in a few days ! update : i have ordered pampers again through amazon ( different size ) and they shipped right away 
camera pos 943.txt i 've had this digital camera for almost a year . it 's the fourth camera i 've owned . i spent quite some time searching for a compact camera that i could carry everywhere . being an amateur photographer ( and mostly taking pictures for myself and not others ) , i did n't want to lug around an extra bag just for my camera . it fits discreetly in your pocket or a small purse ( for formal nights out ) . the size and weight of this camera is its best feature , and this carries through to the newer generations of this camera , too . this has been the perfect camera for everything from selling items on-line to landscape scenery . my pictures have always turned out beautifully , with wonderful color and crispness . i have discovered that the " automatic " lighting feature is not always the most ideal , but you can re-program just about anything on this camera . it 's really quite a good camera , and given its price these days with the newer generations out there , it 's a steal 
camera pos 772.txt i bought this camera for my girlfriend and she loves it . it has all the basic functions her older coolpix had abut more and they 're a bit more user friendly . pros : compact and easy to hold . i 've had a few other point and shoots and they feel like they are going to jump out of my hand . this one feels pretty good . cons : before buying i read the reviews and a few were stating that the focus was not everything it should be . i will agree . that is the cameras only real big down fall . though my girlfriend may not notice it so much , to me it 's a little more aparant . for the most part , overall i really like this little guy. . 
books neg 994.txt whether you 're planning to read through crowley 's book of thoth for the first time , or if you think you know every little thing crowley was getting at with it , this book is going to be equally useless to you . several of crowley 's diagrams from the book of thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly , but sadly that 's the only good thing about this book . the book is filled with a lot of fluff . duquette tells many useless anecdotes of crowley 's and harris ' lives , and constantly excuses and defends crowley 's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper . duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found crowley 's works , so perhaps its some sort of atonement . but the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with crowley 's character . through out the book of thoth crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems . having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid . unfortunately duquette does n't do this . his background information is base and scarce . he does spend some time explaining about thelema and kabbalah , but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this , duquette does n't give nearly enough information to understand crowley 's works , and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere . as for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on crowley 's work , duquette outright fails . at times it seems as if duquette does n't even understand crowley or the book of thoth and the associated tarot deck . i do n't think the man even understands tarot in general ( and duquette 's own tarot deck is evidence of this too ) . at his best , duquette only manages to rephrase what crowley had to say in the book of thoth . typically though a lot of what crowley was getting at is complete lost in duquette 's work , a lot of it no doubt because duquette never really understood crowley at anything but a very base level . reading through the book of thoth , there are a few ways in which duquette could have made his book better . crowley 's phonetic translation of the i ching does n't follow the current standard , and sometimes the differences are confusing , especially if the reader is not already familiar with the i ching . a key showing crowley 's translation and the standard translation would 've been helpful . likewise crowley rarely wrote on astrology , despite astrology being alluded to many times through the book of thoth , and what he did write is hard to find . a chapter explaining crowley 's views on astrology would 've been great . if that was n't possible , then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what crowley was working with would have been helpful . however duquette 's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read . duquette 's book is n't useful as a reference to crowley 's work . duquette does n't seem to understand crowley most of the time , and fails to adequatley explain crowley 's ideas . besides some new-agey nonsense , like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays , duquette does n't offer any new ideas or insights into crowley 's work . except for a few nice diagrams ( which are common enough and easy to find ) , there is n't anything worthwhile contained in this book . at least not anything you wo n't get out of reading crowley 's book of thoth 
camera pos 321.txt this handy little tool is a must have for not just nikon owners , but all camera owners . a genius of design and function , i would whole-heartedly urge every person with a camera to buy one , or many , asap 
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous 
health neg 268.txt i was very excited that one of my " boys " had bought me this chair , but when it finally arrived , i was very disppointed . the motors are semi weak , it does not feel like 10 motors more like 6 if that . the chair 's pic is also very unrealistic in my opinion , the seating it not attached , its a pad , very cheaply made not worth the price at all.. . i wouldnt pay more then 80.00 for this chair ! 
music pos 53.txt this is not only brian eno 's best album , but one of the finest albums ever made- -a work of simple beauty , complex intelligence , and imagination. . 
dvd neg 223.txt those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became " has been " material for vh1 's the surreal life . ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . that is all i can say , i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again 
books neg 590.txt all the reviews so far sound like personal friends of b.w. who are puffing the book . the book is simple and would require more information . so why not just go buy a book with more information . 
dvd pos 54.txt i really liked this product . easy to follow and you feel it everywhere . i try to do it everyday . my clothes are looking better on me and i have had to buy some new ones . one of the best choices i ever made 
camera neg 951.txt i got this lens in a kit with a nikon d80 camera . this lens failed to deliver the goods 99% of the time . why buy an expensive camera and then use a cheap lens like this ? its silly to spend big money on the camera and have only blurry pictures to show from it . it was only tolerable in very bright situations and using less than 100mm focal length . a cloudly day or all of the 200 mm zoom would result in a picture that had significant distortion noticeable even on little 4x6 prints . very few pictures came out when it was used in the fullest zoom ( 200mm ) . i disliked this lens enough to return the entire camera kit and purchase a different camera ( d200 ) that came with the highly ranked 18-200 vr lens from nikon . if your interested in nice sharp pics , then pass on this lens . if you want to save a few bucks and like blurry photos , this lens is for you. . 
dvd neg 483.txt ...and i can remember some of the scenes to this day ( i 'm 49 now ) . i was 16 ; my friend , 17 at the time . i used to hitchhike to and from her house a lot in those days , and after that movie , i didn't -for a long time . at the time it was a really scary film , and the urban legend at the time was that it was based on a true story , which only added to the starkness of it . of course , as some have opined here , what is perceived as horrifying then and what 's considered horrifying now is like comparing oranges and rutabagas . " horror-and-brutality technology " in films has definitely-and i use this word wryly-evolved 
health neg 878.txt i would have given it zero stars but that is not an option . it stopped working after about 10 minutes of static filled reception . it was difficult to get a station . and it was not a problem with the batteries . run , do n't walk , *away* from this 
books pos 787.txt i like this author 's work so much that i actually bought the hard cover since i could n't wait for the pb to be issued . however , p . d . james ' view of life as expressed by her characters can be very pessimistic at times ( a contrast to her autobiography ) . in this one , there is still the feeling that the characters are going through the motions of living , never really feeling any joy- -or often even happiness . however , when adam and emma come together at the end , there was a ray of hope . please , ms. james give us a new book asap 
health neg 953.txt while bumble and bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner ( and i might add shampoo by the same name ) was a real disappointment . using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . do n't know where bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . i 'm saving my $$$$$ for lush and frederic fekkai ! - gail cook 
music neg 607.txt hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better 
books pos 254.txt i was wrong . ok , i 've admitted it . i always thought science fiction or futuristic type novels were n't my cup of tea . while reading conspiracy in death i realized i could n't have been more wrong - i love this futuristic series ! a homeless man is murdered and the case is assigned to eve dallas , since it 's not a random act of violence . this man , snooks , died when his heart was surgically removed by what appeared to be a very skilled surgeon . when dallas digs a bit further , she discovers that this crime is connected to another committed in new york city where an aged lc ( licensed companion ) died as the result of her liver being removed . after even more digging , dallas discovers a case in chicago and one abroad that were all similar . these were not the result of black market organ sales since all of the victims were within a few months of dying . in order for eve dallas to find the murderer she had to figure out why these victims were chosen . the closer she got to that answer , the more nervous very influential politicians and doctors became . when she got too close to the truth , the villain had to put a stop to her investigation . the best way to get dallas off the case was to have her suspended from the police department . this was a simple procedure since there was a conflict between the patrol officer who discovered snook 's body and dallas . when that patrolwoman was brutally murdered suspicion fell on dallas . stripped of her badge and weapon , the very items that have been the heart and sole of her during her adult life , she has to deal with not only the idea of not being a police detective , but also with trying to solve this crime having her hands tied . the main plot was interesting but the villain was predictable and no surprise . there was excellent character development and as usual j.d. robb ( aka nora roberts ) draws the reader into the suspense to the point of not being able to put down the book . what makes this book above average and falling into the excellent range is the fantastic subplot of eve dallas being stripped of her identity as a policewoman and how she must deal with the various facets of that . at times , it was more intense and more exciting that the main plot . this is definitely one to read , as all of the " in death " series books have been . start with the first book when reading because j.d. robb always has a couple of instances where she reflects on previous happenings . or you can start with the first book just because it 's the beginning of an excellent adventure ! 
camera neg 126.txt this item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9% light loss vs multi-coated filters like hoya s-hmc or b+w mrc filters . as for polarizer effect itself , i think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . ( the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive 
books neg 484.txt i bought this recording with high hopes . what better complement to reading shakespeare than hearing him , right ? well , not with this recording . the cast is made up of & quot ; distinguished actors , & quot ; the insert proclaims , but it 's obvious that these actors have n't done shakespeare since they were in junior high school . nor have they improved since then : none of the actors has any feel for the shakespearean line . the speaking is stiff and mechanical , and half the time it sounds like a monty python farce ! when there are no visual effects to distract us , low-quality acting really sticks out . for audio recordings , you need the best voices . too bad arkangel did n't realize this . my advice ? grind up these cds and use them to fertilize your nasturtiums 
books neg 16.txt anyone with intelligence can see that ann coulter is not attempting to make any meaningful or objective analysis of politics . she is using inflammatory marketing to stir up the emotions of the most die-hard , flag-waving conservatives . until this attention-seeking labeling of other americans as ' good ' or ' bad ' stops , there will never be true understanding of the complexties of american politics or foreign policy by the general public . i do n't agree with bush 's war and i didnt vote for him . but he 's not a ' bad person ' ; he did not invade iraq because he is ' evil ' or ' stupid' . i can appreciate both sides of an argument ; i can avoid generic categorizations . i would never watch any news , liberal or conservative , that had a clear political bias . why ca n't ann coulter arrive at this same level of common sense ? well , she wouldnt sell as many books ; she wouldnt be on tv . it has to be " liberals hate america " or " the conservative nazi agenda " . we have the duty as thinking americans , in the most advanced free country in the world , in these modern times of massive amounts of free information , to stop paying attention to this garbage . get the facts and stop relying on a figurehead to spoon feed you your opinions 
software pos 881.txt first off , for people who are complaining about installing windows 2000 , it only took my approx . 6 1 / 2 hours ! i love it because every time i launch internet explorer it freezes ! i also love that theres 42 spyware programs and 78 tojans on my harddrive before i even hooked up my internet . the one thing i love the most though is that i can download any movie i want . like the recently video game adapted film mortal kombat ! it was at full quality on my 28.8k modem and it took about 3 minutes . the blue sceen of death happens so often i just went ahead and set it as my desktop and my screensaver . i also bought the separate ctrl alt del accesory pad , ive had it for about 2 days and i cant even tell what key is what anymore because i 've used it so much . but all in all dos has been a blessing , and i hope everyone embraces windows 95 into their homes . - shanan 
health pos 931.txt i installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago , and it has been working flawlessly ever since . things i noticed : if the power goes out , the unit will not turn back on automatically ( as some other units do . ) if you want to use the continuous drainage ( which i highly recommend ) via a hose , you have to punch out a plastic disc on the side of the unit . i would have designed a screw-type plug that was replacable , but they did n't think of that . anyway , once you punch the quarter-size disc out it 's out forever . if you choose to use the continuous drainage feature , you will need to pick up a hose with an inner diameter of 15mm ( .59 " or just over half an inch . ) i went to the local diy center and found some clear tubing that has worked well . the unit can operate down to 2-degrees c ( 36-degrees f ) , which will be great for continuous operation in the garage to keep the tools from rusting . has three fan settings : med , high and quiet . " quiet " really is quiet , and could probably work just fine in a bedroom . though , it does warm the room it 's in . how much it warms it depends on the humidity setting . four settings : the humidty level ( humidstat ) can be set to " continuous dehumidification " ( which is the default setting ) , 50% , 60% and 70%. the fan will continue to run but the dehumidification processor will turn off when it reaches the selected humidity level . cool . i mean , that 's when the fan will just blow room-temp air . a full drainage tank will stop the unit and illuminate a " tank full " indicator light . the unit is not that heavy - - maybe for some , but not nearly as heavy as some people make it sound . it 's 30.8 pounds . according to the instructions : you will need at least 21 cm ( about 8 inches ) of clearance in front , behind and side to side . air blows out of the top of the unit , so you 'll need to make sure it 's clear as well . there are movable louvers on the top to direct the air straight up , 45-degrees or almost straight ahead . power consumption : cfm-25e is 220w / / cfm-40e is 330w i highly recommend this model dehumidifier 
music neg 128.txt i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music 
music neg 148.txt as for many of these kind of unknown groups , the music in the album is useless . in the meaning that this music has no use . it is not relaxing . it is not for contemplation . it is not spiritual . it is nothing but electronic esperiments that many vendors try to deliver under the name of " ambient " . but ambient music is music . this is crap . well differently from two a.d. where probably the producers realized that crap is crap and no more crap was good to be sold , because people is n't stupid . two a.d. is light years away from this crap . do n't waste your money . listen the the samples by yourself to grab what i mean . sergi 
dvd neg 269.txt this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired . aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex , and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix , there wasnt much to make this unrated . if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity , forget it ! the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies . however , if your someone who likes to use your imagination , this might be for you . one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies . if your a big drew fan like me , it might be worth buying , utherwise go buy a playgirl 
dvd pos 970.txt first let me start off by saying this . ken sushi volume 1 is unquestionably the best video guide for making sushi . i have had a chance to see the other guides , and quite frankly they just do n't cut it . poor camera work , and even worse instruction should not be found in a sushi instructional video ( or any culinary instructional video for that matter ) . also , being taught by a sushi enthusiast rather than a professional sushi chef is not going to send a very good message to people who are really serious about learning how to make sushi properly ( people want to learn from someone experienced , not enthusiastic ) . finally we have a video that is taught by a professional in the sushi scene , and he really takes the time to lay out all the techniques he 's developed over the years , so that with a little practice ( and the benefit of not having to take the time ken did to trial and error his methods of perfect sushi creation ) i was actually able to make some really great sushi . the camera work is great ! no shakes or stutters , i did n't find myself distracted by the nuances of poor production quality . truthfully this video is done so well , you will just find yourself immersed in what ken is teaching ( it plays a lot like a chef martin yan instructional video ) . also it seems a lot of time was taken in pre production to really focus the instruction to a degree that it is thorough enough for someone familiar with sushi creation , yet developed enough so that someone completely new to the sushi experience can actually have a fair shot to making a wholesome , delicious dish . if you take the time to watch the video a few times , and practice along with it . you will make sushi good enough to eat , and present to your friends , family ( just utterly show off ) . i 'm just really glad i can finally say there is now a sushi instructional video that i feel was worth every penny of my purchase . if you want to really learn how to make sushi well , then ken sushi volume 1 will be your number one resource . the only negative thing i have to say is where the heck is volume two ? ? ? ? 
software neg 400.txt i have used both paperport 8 and paperport 9 deluxe for over a year so i am qualified to report . both pieces of software have some form of severe incompatibility with windows xp pro . i cannot really get version 9 to operate . everytime i try its like cold molasses . click...wait....wait....wait...wait...and then lock up . i 'm very experienced . i 've been working with pcs since 1991. every other piece of software i 've loaded works very well...except for paperport 8 and 9. in theory paperport 9 should be fine because it converts all scans to pdf which is more or less a universal file format . however theory is a lot better than reality . support is nonexistent from scansoft . if you pay the $19.95 per incident , you still do not get a solution . the scansoft forum is always either not working ( another bad sign ) or it 's full of people complaining about the software and lack of support . unfortunately there are not a lot of alternatives , but doqments looks promising . avoid paperport unless you have money and time to waste 
health pos 420.txt if you own one of these shavers , then you need to replace with these every year . buy the best , buy these , and shaver will stay like new 
dvd pos 916.txt this movie was much better than " vanilla sky . " " vanilla sky " mostly copied " open your eyes " but was too obvious and less convincing . ( and tom cruise , though good in some roles , did n't fit this role well . ) " open your eyes " takes a little longer to draw you in , but once it has you there it takes you far beyond where " vanilla sky " does . also , the jungian dream aspect in " vanilla sky " is poorly done , whereas " open your eyes " represents the dream experience very well . i recommend watching both movies before you buy one . but if you 're going to buy , get " open your eyes . 
health neg 277.txt i once had a cheap shaver i got at sears that i learned was made for sears by remington . i liked that shaver , so when i found the r-950 at sears on sale for $40 , i decided to replace my old top-selling-brand rotary shaver . big mistake . after 8 months and having finally tired of the red and sore neck ( especially with drier winter skin ) , not to mention the occasional cut lip i get with the r-950 while trying to shave around the mouth , i am going back to my old shaver . how can a shaver that gets close enough to hurt still give a poor shave.. . but it does . 
music pos 862.txt if you like post modern lounge music , you will like the tracks on this disc . 
music neg 195.txt it is hard to imagine what the american songbook ever did to rod stewart that he would decide to degrade it like this , not once , not twice , but three times . stewart 's decision to approach these shop-worn standards ranks up there with napoleon 's decision to invade russia during the winter , it is staggeringly ill conceived . the problem , of course , is his voice . the selection of material seems ideally suited to showcase his limitations as a singer , which are countless . for starters , he has almost no range at all . next , his raspiness has no inherent beauty , and these are songs intended for beautiful voices . by their very nature , the selections are vehicles for skilled singers , their simplicity allows excellent performers to interpret and express individual perspective . stewart , because he is a rock and blues singer , never learned the fundamentals of singing and certainly never developed a mature , expressive voice . he scratches along the surface of these listless vehicles with the charm of a man skating over ice with sandpaper strapped to his shoes . banks of strings and fabulously misguided collaborations , ( dolly parton ! ) , do not mask but highlight what is wrong with this project . bear in mind that i like rod stewart ; he 's from scotland and he 's the prototypical brit blues belter . if you want to know what he 's actually good at , dig out your copy of jeff beck 's first release , truth . stewart delivers some of the best blue-eyed twelve bar wailing ever recorded . but that 's the problem . on truth it was the cigarettes , whisky , and swagger in his voice that made him great - it was n't about singing technique - it was about authenticity . here , the focus is on singing , and his limitations are embarrassingly spotlighted . albums like this never get made unless the performer already has name recognition that guarantees sales , nightmares of this stripe could never stand on their own merits . to be avoided at all cost . 
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be 
dvd pos 617.txt i would reccomend this film to any robert johnson fan as well as to anyone just getting into the blues who wants to know where its really at . it includes some great interviews with johnny shines , robert jr lockwood and others who knew robert . its worth it just to hear lockwood play an unrecorded song of r.j. 's ! the parts where keb ' mo ' re-enacts segments from r.j. 's life are well done and effectively illustrate what life would have been like back then for a traveling bluesman . my only criticism would be that there are few extra dvd features , however , that does n't stop me watching this film again and again ! a very informative insight into the life of one of the greatest delta bluesmen 
dvd neg 712.txt i resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . i make it 200. the other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . i just loved the u.s air force personnel with scottish and english accents . they must have overrun the $500 budget at that point . 
health pos 856.txt i really like this product . it 's very dry and windy here and my lips have been very chapped . the neutrogena has helped 100% when nothing else worked ! ! i 'll definitely buy this product ! 
music neg 665.txt as a huge counting crows fan , i thought it was kinda cool when i came across a tribute album to them...right up until the time that i listened to the cd . it is nearly impossible to get through . the best way i can try to explain it is to call it bad karaoke . i rated it one star because there 's no " 0 star " option . if you have any intentions of buying this cd , find a website where you can preview it first , and thank me later 
camera neg 252.txt i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the " movie factory " program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly . 
dvd neg 678.txt granted , i saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party , but i think i had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible it was . it 's so.. . bad . it has some seriously subpar performances from pretty much all involved , and the script was just awful . gosh , it 's hard to believe i actually sat through it . it was just so.. . exactly what it was , i guess . a stupid sex comedy that 's absolutely terrified to be anything else . the thing that really pushed this above the radar for me to blip at was the truly offensive tone of some of the material . i think my real downfall here was the fact that i 'm a gay guy whose friends are mostly straight guys . the scenes regarding a certain character and his chance encounter with homosexuality are so repugnant it 's almost ridiculous . now , i 'm not one to get offended easily , but this just took it a bit too far . just the attitudes and behaviors expressed by most of the characters just made me depressed , which is n't really something i look for in a movie . it just seems to me that if ' gay ' had been replaced with ' black ' , this would have been deemed racist and probably would n't ever have been released . not that i 'm condoning censorship , but when your tone becomes so.. . mocking , i guess . oh well , i guess all i 'm trying to say is i will definitely not be repeat viewing this film , and i do n't recommend you view it at all if you 're a woman , or gay , or you care about others 
books neg 112.txt i had never read any of vernor vinges books before , but i had heard he was an excellent author , so i thought i would try this . boy , am i glad i bought it used on amazon for about only $4. i simply had no idea what was going on in this novel . the plot is unintelligible . i dont know what the bioweapon the jacket refers to is ? i dont know what " the rabbit " is . i see that numerous other reviews here , did not know what was going on either . i do not understand how someone could write so incoherently . the concept of someone who had alzheimers getting cured & entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere . the only reason i did not fall asleep , was that i was trying to figure out what was going on , but i did could not even finish this book 
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it ! 
music pos 878.txt this album has morse code on it , what more can you say.. . ...well some of that morse code actually sounds like that ua6 you just worked on 40 metres , complete with t6 buzz and slow drift . and the music is pretty good too . 
books neg 871.txt the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that 
camera pos 807.txt i just got this camera recently along with the printer . setting up was very simple . the only problem i came across was putting the ribbon in the printer . you have to use your finger to remove the slack from the ribbon but it 's not that easy . when you put the ribbon in the printer it gets caught on something and could damage the ribbon . it takes time and tons of patients to get that ribbon in the printer . the pictures come out very nice and print even better . i washed a couple of pictures to test the quality and they came out flawless . this camera is a value and should n't be passed up . the screen on the camera is huge and the buttons take some time to get use too . if you have any further questions feel free to comment them and i 'll reply as possible 
software pos 487.txt this is a wonderful and very useful program , not only for school age kids but also for adults . it is full of useful information . it comes very handy when you want to learn about anything . look for any topic , you will find it there 
camera neg 617.txt i thought i was upgrading from analog to digital but after seeing the videos i shot indoors i liked the analog better . very poor and grainy . also the focus is terrible ! while filming 3 people in a row moving from one to the other the focus would blur then refocus . i filmed my daughter 's ballet recital and could not believe how the auto focus kept bluring then focusing . very disappointed with this purchase . i guess it 's true what they say . " you get what you pay for " it seems under $600.00 does n't get you much 
camera pos 937.txt just like any other minidv tape . good pric 
software neg 478.txt i work at best buy and we install this piece of garbage all the time . for one its a huge system hog and two it does n't catch much of the pesky spyware . also when computers come in to be cleaned up , no one uses this program ( even though we 're " supposed " to recommend it ) . i would recommend xoft , pest patrol , or ms antispyware much much more . 
software neg 88.txt microsoft office can be handy to have . the files you can open , edit and create with it ( most notably .doc , .xls , and .ppt ) are probably the closest to universal compatibility among all your high quality options . it 's ( relatively ) intuitive . it has a pretty broad array of useful functions . it 's also obscenely expensive , considering the fact that you can get all of these things - - .doc , .xls , and .ppt ; intuitive interface ; and functionality - - for free . i hunted up openoffice two years ago when i decided several hundred dollars was an insane price to pay for the ability to write papers , make basic presentations , or put together spreadsheets . i was looking for basic functionality , but i was pleasantly surprised ; openoffice does most of the neat tricks , too . ( actually , it has a neat trick microsoft can never replicate : it 's open source , so it can respond to the needs of individual users . you just say " add this neat trick ! " and someone will likely be able to do it for you . ) it is possible that microsoft office has some killer feature you absolutely must have that openoffice doesn't . but considering the price differential , i would n't splurge on this before checking . 
camera pos 432.txt i bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her . it 's quite easy if you 're already computer literate , and the controls are very user friendly as well . the software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic , but for someone like my mother-in-law , it works well . wish i had a docking station for my nikon . 
dvd neg 709.txt i viewed this dvd and would give it a 1 out of 5 stars . this is great if you are in college and researching male dancers or something but otherwise it 's kind of lame . it shows about 5 dancers in one club and they interview various women in the club and get their opinions about strippers . i still have not made the connection as to why ron jeremy has anything to do with this documentary ! ladies , if you are expecting to see skin , this dvd shows very little . others may have a limmited interest if you have followed the male dancer trends in the us . 
books pos 460.txt excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale . 
software neg 836.txt cakewalk " s advertisement saying something like.. . " no experience needed to operate this software.. . " is , in my mind , mis-leading at least and a down right lie at most . i 've had it now for about three weeks , work on it most days , usually in the middle of the night so i can really concentrate on it , and still cant get anything out of it . all i wanted was some backing tracks for my acoustic guitar work...blues , pop , country....so far nothing and i am thinking about giving up . i can operate a computer but this skill has nothing to do with this most confusing piece of junk i have ever seen . beware...unless your a recording engineer you probably will be disapointed . 
books neg 522.txt reading this book ten years after it was written made it very hard to get into it . for one thing , the author still talks about the ussr and east germany , and those countries faded away so long ago that the whole book seems dated . it 's hard to suspend disbelief and imagine this book was really written far in the future . 
books pos 152.txt hacker 's challenge 2 is a sort of practical exam for the hacking exposed series . hacker 's challenge was a terrific book for putting some incident response and forensic skills to use and practicing for the real thing . hacker 's challenge 2 continues the tradition and should be a must read for anyone who works with network security and incident response . the style of the challenges is fairly entertaining and the plots are so engaging you may not want to put the book down . its like a best-selling mystery novel for network security techies . it may not affect the quality of the book overall , but i preferred having the authors of the individual challenges identified as they were in hacker 's challenge . however , you should definitely buy this book ! ( ... 
software neg 100.txt i used version 8 and 9 and never experienced a problem . version 10.latest version is terrible . crash and burn . do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . its their software and not the os . amazon and pinnacle ( avid ) continue to sell this product even though its terrible . i read it was re-written for version 10 and they ca n't get it right . nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . the upgrade should have been free . there are several good products now so pinnacle is n't your only choice . i changed to sony vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . for super simple try ulead or one of the others . 
camera pos 115.txt it 's a pretty convinient bag.i put a canon rebel xt with a tamron 28-75 lens , a canon 70-300 lens and a external flash inside and i still have the small pocket for wallet , keys etc. the only drawback of this bag is , you can not put in big lenses.the canon 70-300 is the limit.but if you only have a limited gear collection , you need to give it a try 
books neg 2.txt the fatalistic view of conservativism is expressed by kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states , " [edmund] burke , could he see our century , never would concede that a consumption-society , so near suicide , is the end for which providence has prepared man " . but wait . the conservative mind was first published in 1953 , the mythical golden age of america with ward and june cleaver and normal rockwell . meanwhile , burke , a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century . what a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times . there are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society . voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society . kirk writes , " what men really are seeking , or ought to seek , is not the right to govern themselves , but the right to be governed well " but what he offers is a lack of true representation . the author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth , intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender . is it so surprising that kirk lauds some of the worst racists in american history like nathanial bedford forrest whom he describes as ` magnificent ' before quoting his racist vitriol ? in a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate john c . calhoun as a ` defender of minorities ' and praises john randolph for , among other things , opposing doctrines of racial equality . kirk goes on about calhoun 's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the fugitive slave act which forced federal officials and law officials in northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine . he supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery . for calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe . kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern ` anti-slavery agitation ' and supports calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty , although calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty . one wonders if kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the calhoun mounted a ` strong protest against domination by class or region' . another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state . the duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line . quoting samuel coleridge , the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant ; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control . sounding like the inspiration for disgraced chief justice roy moore , russell kirk urges that , " state and church ought never to be separate entities , true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit ; it rises far superior to earthly law , being , indeed , the source of all law " . kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of god but never draws a distinction . i have to wonder if , like the modern reconstructionist , kirk wanted to see the laws of leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers . he never explains how one might recognize a law of god besides using prejudice . the third thread would be kirk 's anti-intellectual ( or perhaps pro-stupid ) stance . he refers to human reason as ` puny ' and ` impotent ' and claims that we find the mind of god in prejudice and tradition . ` prejudice ' , he writes , ` is of ready application in the emergency ; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue , and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision , skeptical , puzzled , and unresolved' . actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain . citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for god and those in higher stations and authority . in order to grab the golden fleece of populism conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident . like calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade . i found russell kirk 's salesmanship of conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day . 
music neg 869.txt although a few of the tracks seem inspired , it 's mainly mulligan going through the motions with getz , with very little chemistry between them . & quot ; anything goes&quot ; and & quot ; scrapple from the apple&quot ; are nice enough but beyond that it 's weak . mulligan himself did n't speak very highly of the recording session , saying that he enjoyed his other dates with desmond , webster , and hodges , but mentioning that & quot ; granz wanted that session a lot more than i did . &quot ; of course , it would be quite out of the ordinary to hear anything but negative remarks about stan getz and his sparkling personality . save your money and go buy the 2-disk reissue of & quot ; meets ben webster&quot ; . or , if you do n't have it already , the seminal pacific recordings with chet baker 
health pos 267.txt yes , i did feel a difference . benadryl is not effective for me so i was sceptical . i am glad i found this . i use for when i need to sleep in an unfamiliar place 
camera pos 107.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
dvd neg 932.txt dare i need tell you how greatly this softcore , action thriller sucks ? ok. you might think there are two reasons ( besides those two ) to rent this : nudity and hilariously bad acting . well , there is nudity , but not as much as you think . if you 're getting it for anna 's naked flesh , be prepared to be more acquainted with your fast forward button . she 's nude , do n't get me wrong , in the shower , in the bed , etc. , but after that first scene , she is clothed and trying to act for a loooong time before the next scene . her & quot ; acting&quot ; is probably good if you compare to how she acts on her tv show . she at least does n't seem stoned . there is a plot that involves...just kidding , i have no idea ! there are some actual actors and a travolta sibling playing your typical mobsters found in these movies . the movie only still exists because of anna being naked in it and there is nowhere near enough of it to make & quot ; to the limit&quot ; more than a free rental , if that . i should mention that this is a review for the r rated version . i do n't know if there is an unrated version , but it would have to be better than this . for more nudity , bad acting , and a less coherent anna , go rent & quot ; skyscraper&quot ; 
health pos 734.txt this is a great value - probably one of the best shower heads i 've used . yes - there are better ones for $100+ , but this is absolutely amazing 
music neg 513.txt as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! ! 
health neg 717.txt it makes glasses stain . and i return it within 1 week 
books neg 51.txt the scientific method applied to this book : 1 ) form a hypothesis : great managers do something differently than mediocre managers . 2 ) conduct an experiment : interview 80 , 000 managers . 3 ) analyze data : ? ? ? this step is missing ? ? ? 4 ) draw conclusions : write this book . with the exception of the " 12 questions " , the authors make no attempt to back any their conclusions with the results of their study . they make several insightful statements , such as " many managers say they would like to define the right outcomes . " however , they do not even attempt to tell the reader how the study led them to this statement . did 90% of the managers interviewed state this ? did 60% of the great managers state this while only 10% of the mediocre managers did ? does " many managers " mean 100 managers ? 100 managers seems like " many managers " at first , but considering 80 , 000 were interviewed i 100 managers is a negligible amount . the entire book consists of several rational statements that are not supported by their study . it seems to me that after conducting a huge study to find out what great managers do differently , the authors found almost no common trends . however , since they put a lot of money and effort into conducting the study , they needed something to show for it and wrote this book . if buckingham and coffman did n't claim this book was a result of " the largest study of its kind , " i would say it offers some decent advice ; however , since it does make this claim , i wish they would have back up their conclusions so the readers would be able to determine how valid they are . 
software neg 186.txt first of all , this software performs like someones term project . why havent these guys been sued yet ? pros : nice retail packaging cons : not tested doesnt burn all your files no support overall a waste of moner 
dvd pos 337.txt i have been following the laughing man fansubs , so i 've covered all this material before . i 'm acquiring the dvds as they come out to have legit copies . the desc says 2 collectibles toys , it 's actually 3. there is batou on the plate like motoko from vol 3. in fact , the base plates fit together , which makes me belive that vol 5 will have another piece that will fit together to complete a composite set . the other two toys are the chinese assassin with the gun-arm and the old robot unit from the organ-farming business ( with the fake southern accent ) . these are easier to put together , i had problems with the tachikoma from the last set , it broke when i tried to put the legs on . have n't gotten around to the super-glue session yet . the product itself : stand alone complex - 2nd gig continues some of the best animation and smartest television ever produced . buy it , share it with those persons worthy / capable of appreciating it 
software neg 115.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out 
software pos 661.txt i received my emedia piano and keyboard method today and it 's not a bad program by any means , however i have two gripes with the software : first , either the " full screen " option in preferences does n't work or emedia feels that 640x480 counts as a full screen , so if you have your monitor set at a higher resolution ( and what mac user does n't ? ) you 'll need to lower it in order to read the lessons ' text , and since you most likely wo n't be sitting as close to your laptop / monitor during these lessons , this is kind of important . second , you need to have the program cd in your computer to get the sound and video to play , and the whine of my optical drive is mildly annoying while trying to study / practice . there are workarounds to bypass this type of copyright protection silliness , but it makes me mad that i need to resort to doing this . if emedia 's so paranoid about theft of their product , why do n't they just stream the program 's media portion from their website ? at least it would n't be noisy that way . other than these two flaws , the program is excellent for self-starters like me . plus it seems to be the only complete , low-cost piano / keyboard instruction software out there for mac osx . i would have wrote this review after a few weeks of lessons instead of my first day learning but the optical-drive issue really bothered me . 
software neg 286.txt i tried to like this product . as previous reviews have said it has significant design limitations . if you only need a 2d floorplan there are better tools for the same money or less . the object libraries that come with the tool - furniture , fabrics , etc. - are really lame . this limits it 's value as an interior design tool . i did not attempt to return it so i cannot comment on their return policy 
dvd neg 835.txt agree that it was beautifully filmed , but... . there must have been a great deal lost in the translation 
dvd pos 791.txt a wonderful movie which deserved all the awards which were bestowed upon it . it is refreshing to view great movies with wonderful stories minus bad language and nudity . as a big fan of greer garson , i must comment on jane bedinger 's review in which she claimed that ms. garson was having an " affair " with the actor who played her son . ms. garson fell in love with and married richard ney about a year after the movie was made . i do n't see how ms. bedinger could consider this an " affair " . 
camera neg 968.txt if you purchase this wide angle lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos . it does work well for video . the sanyo xacti hd1a camera itself is a disappointment 
music pos 386.txt this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great 
software pos 674.txt this ia a top rated anti virus softare.the price is good and the software is great 
dvd neg 120.txt i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of " meet john doe " . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [... 
software neg 496.txt it only became clear to me how ms undermines mac by using its software as weapon when i began using ms office for mac . i have used window 's based excel everyday at work for the last 20 years and i cannot figure out how to use the mac version efficiently . it seems like an ersatz version from 15 years ago . if you want to work on powerpoint docs at home created on your pc at work you will find the effort not worth it...the docs will never transfer formatting properly . i bought this program and almost never use it because it is just so clumsy compared to the pc version . having said that , there is no alternative to ms office ; this is the outcome of ms having monopoly power...no support and an inferior product for mac user 
health pos 725.txt very handy and portable . fits my neck good and i can even walk around with it on and not worry about it falling off or moving 
health neg 704.txt the size is good but the second one we ordered leaked . the cap did not fit.. . the after taste is not so strong but very difficult to see the difference from an ordinary stainless steel container / warmer which costs only $6- $10 dollars in the market around . too pricy and the thin plastic cap does not match well with the product 
health neg 31.txt only works properly if you are not moving and in a zero-gravity environment 
dvd neg 617.txt not worthy of the firm name , this workout was repetitive , boring and does n't belong in a firm lineup . if you 're a true firm believer and love the originals , do n't waste your time with this one , it will only disappoint 
dvd pos 861.txt i 've seen it about 20 times now . it does n't get old . the faces , the moves and the lines of matthew perry are always fresh . my husband likes selma , a lot , so it 's a win win for both of us . they are great together . good stuff 
health pos 868.txt this is the best shaver i 've ever used . it shaves closer and quicker than the many norelcos i 've used , all of which costed a lot more than the r-960. the only improvement i 'd like to see is in the battery , which does not really maintain its strength well between charges 
music pos 225.txt i appreciate bands like ima robot , film school and electroclash artists for trying to add a little balance into alternative music , or at least i appreciate film school for trying to merge the beauty of electronica with alternative and allow it to simmer down to the always wonderous shoegazing while bringing back the trend of the new wave you loved in the 80's . the thing about it is it is bands like these that are adding their own style into music making it worth your minutes and expanding your genres from just on band . have you heard depeche mode 's albums with a wind of boards of canada ? call this the album that it would have made more sense for maximo park to create if you will but this album is america 's response to all other international bands showing us off hard . ( the band is from san francisco , i believe ) and their influence for this album is a mix of electronica and 80 's music ( my bloody valentine . new order ? depeche mode ? ) all leading them to create an album that does n't quite call the band in question an american radiohead per se , but with half of the music smothered in swirling guitars , accompanying keyboards , and a leaders effort to push the band forward , a band that is trying to reach heights of originality . film school 's debut ( if you are n't counting their imported ep ) kicks off with am intro wielding only swirls of guitar and electronics before finally bringing you into an illuminating " on and on " that may force your urge to name this band after interpol and elefant and a little bit of the bravery in there , too , but will not let you throughout this entire album . their current single " pitfalls " may cause them to swing on the vine of similarity since everyone is trying to bring back new wave these days , but worse can happen for a band like this . the backward keyboard melody should more than make you tell the difference . the second actual interlude " garrison " is where boards of canada 's wind starts blowing through the cd , before heading back into the record that will be likely to redefine the sound of " cool " . if there is ever an album to chase after and count on for the safety of new wave and the health of alternative , i do n't see a better candidate for leg-ups than film school 's latest . rating : 7.5 / 1 
dvd neg 592.txt ca n't add much to the discussion about the movie , but wanted to say that this dvd listed does not contain a widescreen presentation of school daze . it says it has both full screen and widescreen , but it doesnt 
music pos 609.txt and finding stories of stacks of old vinyls , dripping yesterday and glowing always . cali 's finest , madlib , is definitely one of the heirs of dj premiere , pete rock , dj quik and other previous beat konductas that helped established the sound of true hip-hop as a platform where old school soul and new school technique are amalgamated . the latest madlib invasion is not for everybody ; those of us who 's butts were undeniably moved by tribe 's " low end theory " will definitely appreciate this endeavor . those of you who are tired of what mtv and other corporate entities and pass off as hip hop , clean out your crazy uncle otis 's attic check out the beat konducta . then walk down the street to mr. yancey 's house , go into his basement and check out j dilla 's " donuts . 
books neg 303.txt i do n't know what to say about this book . it is the single worst book i have ever read in my young life . i feel like i 've witnessed a horrible tragedy and am at a loss for words to describe it . i would say at some point in the book , maybe about halfway , every line of dialogue , every characterization , every plot point , is absolutely terrible . this book is truly an offense to literacy , and i cannot understand how a publisher of any merit or author could publish and print this trash . i can only imagine that robin cook either allowed a child to write this book , or was chronically drunk while writing it . either that or he has lost his faculties altogether . i have read children 's essays that have been better written . while it would take a novel to explain all the problems with this book , the highlights are : -knowing the mystery 50 pages into the book and being forced to painfully watch the dumb characters discover the mystery -cliche mania with lines like , " i going to get to the bottom of this mystery " and when the character 's discover something , giving each other high-fives . -racist remarks about blacks living in harlem about how they like to steal televisions , own guns , and play basketball . -stereotype characters such as mafioso that like to eat spaghetti and named dominick and vinny . -incredible suspension of disbelief when the heros , nyc coroners , fly off to africa on a moments notice because they want to finish their case of a dead body . ( also paying for their friends to come too ) -wandering around the main installation easily where the evildoers are working , and asking questions , and getting answers to them real easy . -incredible annoying characters that make inappropriate jokes . ( i.e. making sarcastic remarks to a guy holding a gun on them ) -the book spirals into total madness in the last 50 pages to a beyond implausible ending . i got a sense whoever wrote the end of book was on sleeping pills when he wrote it . if anyone thinks this book is better than two stars , they need their head examined . 
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism 
software neg 536.txt contrary to the other review , they did ship the proper 3 user version . however , since installing it yesterday it is consuming 100% of my systems resources and i can not find any setting to have it stop . evidently it does continuous deep virus scans so you might as well toss your computer in the garbage . what a mess of a product . 
books pos 874.txt whenever my eczema flared up , my friends would tell me i 'm too stressed out . i did n't feel that way , not much more stressed out than usual , so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing . after reading this book , however , i recognized it 's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues i 've apparently held for a long time . i had vaguely suspected this may be the case , but did n't know how / where to start . this book gave me the guidance to do that on my own . i agree with 3 other reviewers completely . i no longer feel helpless and scared when i can feel my skin starting to flare up . i am not yet free from eczema , but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it , and how to calm it down , i have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin , body and my life 
dvd neg 706.txt i had heard so many great things about this movie but it is just not my cup of tea . i do n't know if it because i tend to like more horror type movies or what but i was really bored by them . each of the movies started off really slow and they all ended basically the same way . i know the whole theme is humans are trash but it would have been nice for a little more suspense . the movies were violent but nothing one has n't seen before several times so i am not sure about the shock value of it...i was n't shocked , disturbed or upset.........just bored 
software neg 436.txt you can bet those people gaving vista a good rating here , work for the company . it 's a piece of junk . if you have a good working xp , or anything else , please do n't buy vista . i bought it a month ago already installed on a good hp computer . i 've worked on it from sun-up to sun-down for a month and still , all i 've got is a pile of junk . and , it 's so slow , that you have to take a coffee break while it 's gathering up a program to run . do n't buy their one-care either . i 've owned windows since " 98 " . i 'm considering re-installing my old hp / xp . it 's still here in the closet 
health neg 888.txt i bought myself this book light after giving someone a $5 " robotic " book light from walgreens . when she used hers it lit up the room . when i got mine today i tried it out and it barely lit up the palm of my hand . had to smack it twice when the light flickered off to get it to come back on . it is flimsy , the light is dim and it 's not worth the wait . go to walgreens instead . mine is now lighting up the bottom of the trash can 
dvd neg 575.txt i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [people] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment - - in this case , death - - with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his " dignity , " why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place 
music neg 966.txt sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas . 
music neg 850.txt the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there . 
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
camera pos 383.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
dvd pos 745.txt good actors , great story.. . some good action too.. . this is great movie to help put together the bits and pieces of the stories you 've heard about wild bill hickok , calamity jane , and more . it all may be true history , it may be fictional , it may just be myths mixed with fact , but whatever the case , there 's more truth than not in this version of the 1870 ' 
camera pos 142.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
software pos 945.txt this is another great card making product but i do n't believe as good as hallmark . but ? i still use it a whole lot and love it ! i know you will too ! try it out ! and take a chance on a great product 
dvd pos 836.txt based on a true story and a book called evidence of love , this tv movie is made remarkable by the emmy-winning performance of barbara hershey . she is utterly magnificent in the role of a middle class housewife who brutally murders her ex-lover 's wife in a self defensive rage . hershey superbly captures the many nuances of this seemingly normal woman who commits a heinous deed . her hypnosis sequence is brutally painful and she pulls out no stops in showing us the hidden rage . brian dennehy is equally good as the lawyer who tries to get her out of her terrifying predicament . the movie is impressively done and once again worthy most of all for ms. hershey 's dynamic presence 
software pos 887.txt very good it does what i want and more . now to get more training on doing more with this produc 
software neg 361.txt i ca n't for the life of me understand why rosetta stone has garnered such good reviews ( although i see a few negative ones here , so i feel validated ) and seems to have such an outstanding reputation . i find it practically worthless , and it 's expensive to boot . i 'm sure that my experience with the german program would apply to rosetta stone 's other languages as well , as they all taught via the same method . i 've been learning german for about 6 months and besides rosetta stone i have used pimsleur , rocket languages , and have taken private instruction . obviously , private instruction is best . but this review is about software , and pimsleur is best . but rosetta stone has more bells & whistles , which is perhaps why people think it is so good . but it isn't . for example , nowhere in rosetta stone do you actually learn how to say useful things . nowhere do you learn how to say " hello , " " how are you , " what 's your name , " or even " where 's the bathroom . " instead , you will learn how to recognize such useful phrases as " the woman and the boy have a ball on their heads " or " the man is under the donkey " or " these two fish are from the same species " or " the blue triangle is bigger than the red square . " ridiculous ! ! and note i said " learn how to recognize a phrase . " this is the biggest weakness and disappointment with rosetta stone . it really does n't get you to talk at all . you are not required to utter a word . you see four pictures , and the speaker will say ( in german ) " the boy is drinking milk . " now , if you have already heard the word for " boy " ( junge ) and three of the pictures have no boys , you simply click on the picture with the boy and presto , you 're correct ! this multiple choice way of learning is not effective for learning a language ! ( there is a " practice speaking " mode , equally useless , which i mention below ) with pimsleur , which is an audio only program , you hear conversations that will impart essential words and phrases . and they are repeated ( and asks you to repeat ) in such a fashion that it sticks . for example , it was weeks ago that it introduced " how much do i owe you ? " yet i still remember it . ( wie viel shulde ich ihnen ? - -no , i did n't cheat and look it up ! ) pimsleur is brilliant in the way it gradually builds your knowledge and abilities . of course , it is n't perfect as it does n't explain the grammar . but neither does rosetta stone , and rosetta stone is worse because with pimsleur there is also an english speaker who explains some things , while with rosetta stone you are left to twist in the wind . that 's why software language learning programs should be seen as supplements- -supplements to classroom or private instruction . what are the bells & whistles on rosetta stone ? you get to do a lesson in a variety of ways- -seeing pictures with audio ( the speaker ) , or pictures with audio and text , or audio only , for example . there is also a feature where the speaker on the program says a phrase , and you repeat it into a microphone and can compare your voice signature to the speaker's . but i found that this did n't work well at all and was n't worth the trouble . and again , the phrases were n't useful 
music pos 394.txt this album gives me goosebumps . i got it because of eric dolphy , but there is a lot more to listen to on this album than eric dolphy alone ( though he 's excellent as usual ) . the inclusion of booker ervin gives the album the perfect texture , as his style in many ways contradicts that of dolphy . although the styles are different , they complement each other perfectly . mal waldron is a great composer , and many of his most excellent ideas appear on this album . the song " thirteen " is a fine example...you 'll just have to listen to it . everyone on this album smokes . get this...you wont regret it 
books neg 821.txt this book was as much the author 's opinion and imagination as anything else . he makes claims that are not substiantiated by facts , biblical or otherwise . i will not purchase further books by this author 
books pos 260.txt the late carl sagan was one of the most popular , influential , and successful interpreters of astronomy to the american public . in 1973 he published & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; . he offered a daring view of the universe and his seminal work became a classic of popular science , inspiring a generation of scientists and non-specialist general readers with an enthusiasm for all aspects of science in general , and astronomy in particular . now cambridge university press has reissued a new edition of sagan 's influential book , enhanced with freeman dyson 's commentary on sagan 's vision and on the importance of & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; ; ann dryan 's assessment of sagan 's cultural significance as a champion of science ; and david morrison 's discussion of the advances made over the past 30 years and what became of sagan 's predictions . carl sagan 's cosmic connection is & quot ; must&quot ; reading for all sagan fans and anyone interested in how his views and predictions have held up over the past three decades of rapid advances in the science of astronomy and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence 
books neg 776.txt myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear " disarming " of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the " big nukes " that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong 
camera neg 235.txt i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them 
books neg 510.txt i 'm an electrical engineer and in the telecomm buisness . i 've read a lot of books on communications and this has to be one of the worst , luckily i did n't pay for it . the writing is poor and it does n't commuicate ideas clearly . there is better books out there on the exact same subject 
books neg 251.txt having read detective comics #471-479 in the 70s done by this same creative team , i picked this up , hoping for more of the same . what a let-down ! i have to ask - what happened ! ? the art on those erstwhile 70s issues was the finest , most detailed art i 'd ever seen in a comic-book . i think that was due mostly to the inking of terry austin . when he was working on x-men , he gave john bryne 's pencils that fine detail as well . has austin done a ' gil kane ' and given up his nib-and-ink to work with marker-pen ? this dark detective series shows none of the fine-ness of his previous work . you only have to compare the ' flash-backs ' of this series to the original detective comics issues to see that something is wrong . maybe austin or rogers are getting older , but the artwork is very basic , and lacks the sheen they used to produce . the art sometimes actually reminded me of bob kane 's early work . the story also is a little unbelievable . it portrays bruce as a love-sick puppy and just does n't ring true . also , the lettering is - well , it 's been hand-done , by rogers i surmise , and is quite uneven . it should have been done by computer . i 'm sorry - i so wanted to like this , but it 's nothing like the calibre of work that this creative team produced in their glory days of the 70s . 
books neg 599.txt i was interested in dante 's thoughts on hell , religion , and the afterlife as taught by the catholic church at the time of its writing . what i got was a detailed political history of medieval italy . this book is great for the first few chapters , but then it becomes a repetitive saga . synopsis of the each chapter of the inferno : go to next layer of hell ; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there ; make fun of some political opponents , catholic church officials , and so forth ; prepare for further descent . in my opinion , this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell . canto three pretty much has it right... . ' leave all hope , ye that enter 
health pos 236.txt i got this unit as a gift from my boyfriend . high blood pressure runs in my family so i wanted to get a monitor to keep track . i was figuring on getting an arm unit , but when i got this wrist unit i wanted to see how it would work . the whole system is very easy to use and fast . you need to be sitting and resting to take the reading , but is happens quickly and then it stores all the results for you . i did n't think i would really use the memory function but it has come in pretty handy . i can say this was a great gift , something i use a lot , and something that will help me stay healthy 
health pos 958.txt i recently a box of two 12 ounce bottles of this neutrogna produst at costco for approximately $9.00. $22.00 for the same quantity is too expensive for me to want to shop for these products at amazon 
software pos 693.txt when i tried this program out , i at first had some trouble running it . but then i went to the website at : www.kutoka.com and click on the support tab and then select easyspeak spanish . they give you a link for the version of flash 8 you need to run . after this everything worked well . while some may have been offended by bathing suits . not me and not my kids . there is absolutly nothing obscene here folks . this program is the best thing going for learning spanish quickly ! and it is fun to use with the many games and puzzles that you work out with real life scenerios . very artistic and fun . you can go to the bank , the hospital , and several different places , learn a new set of words and situations . that you could really use in a foreign country . my hats off to the designers and creators of this program . well done ! ! bravo ! muy bien . 
camera neg 383.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
camera neg 193.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
music neg 200.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
dvd neg 616.txt i can only imagine how painful it must of been to & quot ; act&quot ; in this film . after the first half hour it was like a train crash to watch . do anything you can to get out of sitting through this 
camera neg 534.txt unfortunately i had to return the unit because it was not designed to be used on a mac 10.4 program ( the tech at the company said he was not aware it was meant to be used by a mac . 
books neg 397.txt f this self-help industry crap . quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst . i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title . humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior / female-maiden title what's -his-name gives them . and remember , this " doctor , " is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase . your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives , so why do you ? let 's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch . that 's a great start to a sane life 
camera neg 549.txt i was really disappointed in this product . it worked great when i first got it . but before the first charge on the batteries wore out it stopped working . it was more expensive to return it or have it repaired than it was to buy a new camera . like i said , disappointed 
health pos 925.txt loving this air purifier ! this was really the first one i have own so i ca n't compare it to any others . it is very quite , and takes alot of dust out of the air . the first time i had to replace the filter i was shocked by how much dust i could of been breathing in . worth picking up , just wish it would of had an energy star label . 
camera pos 729.txt i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal . 
health pos 178.txt my husband tried this after i bought it and he loves it . it is a great remedy for a hangover or even just a bad morning . it is very hard to find in most drugstores . now i just buy it on the internet . i 've even recommended it to friends who now swear buy it 
health pos 84.txt yes , the kit is easy to use , but if you do n't bleed freely , get a few extra lancets before you start . most pharmacists will give you one or two lancets for free . the kit only comes with two ( which can be used only one time ) . it took me 6 jabs to get enough blood for the test ; i had to run out to the corner pharmacy to get more lancets ( because i 'm too much of a whimp to find a household bloodletting tool ) . other than that - no complaints . the lab got the results back to me faster than expected 
software neg 887.txt i purchased this product in nov 2006. reviews at other sites indicated this was a wonderful product , the very best , editor reviews - not user - the product is to new i guess . i looked at the specs and it had features which looked very appealing , so i thought i would try it - bummer . acronis 10 installs fine , sets up a file system on a seperate physical drive and appears to work , until you verify the images , all are corrupted . i have contacted acronis several times , they have given me several test tools to find out what might be wrong . nothing has been resolved after 4 1 / 2 months . the tools and debuging has shown no errors in my hardware . i have to keep using ghost-2003 to do my images , it works fine . acronis support acts like its a unheard of problem , but i now find references all over the internet about this image corruption problem going back to version 6 
books pos 487.txt a very good , very quick military history overview - hits all the main points without belaboring any , gives the reader a good list of authors to look at after finishing howard 
health pos 838.txt i ordered this walker for my father a few months ago and am well-pleased . it is much less expensive than comparable walkers . the cushioned seat and basket are handy for long " trips " and the wheels roll smoothly even over grassy areas . a good buy for someone looking for a quality walker . even ships for free 
books pos 196.txt first book i 've read from sandra brown and it was really great . it was a page turner from beginning to end . i found the book interesting and easy reading . a well written mystery suspense that keeps you guessing until the very end . will not be the last sandra brown novel for me 
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm . 
dvd pos 981.txt this is a terrific tour of hawaii . the photography is incredible and it shows hawaii 's breathtaking scenery including beautiful beaches on oahu and maui , mt. haleakala and waimea canyon . the music 's great and the narration includes lots of travel tips as you 're completely immersed in a hawaiian vacation - volcanoes , exciting nightlife , surfing , scuba dives and hulas that " were so alluring that the missionaries banned them " . the only person who would not like this dvd simply does n't want to unwind and relax during this fascinating travel guide . after you see this you 'll want to explore this paradise yourself and this dvd will help you plan your trip or your honeymoon 
books pos 927.txt this book is lovely , the perfect " medicine " for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life 
health neg 654.txt bayer is a name-brand aspirin . any brand-name drug will cost at least double of that of the equivalent generic aspirin . i give this a one-star rating not because it is a poor product , rather , because it is so expensive . the dosage is 81 mg , taken to thin the blood to prevent heart attacks and strokes ( generally taken by older individuals who perhaps have arteriosclerosis , have had a heart attack or stroke ) . aspirin is a wonder-drug , the very first analgesic / anti-inflammatory medication to hit the market over 100 years ago . it is for mild to moderate pain and treats many different conditions such as arthritis , bone inflammation , joint pain , and even reduces fever . aspirin causes blood platelets to not adhere to each other , thus it " thins " the blood and prevents blood clots from forming . aspirin is thus used in emergency treatment of heart attacks and strokes . some folks take a " baby " aspirin ( 81-160 mgs ) each day to prevent blood clots from forming . aspirin is actually acetyl-salicylic acid . manufacturers alter the structure of aspirin slightly to grant it different properties in terms of its digestion , to make digestion easier . some buffer it with antacids while others coat the tablet with a coating that prevents its digestion in the stomach ( like ecotrin ) . regular aspirin , without any buffering or coatings is tolerated by most people , but some cannot take it without severe stomach upset . for these folks , the buffered form is a god-send . unfortunately , aspirin fell out of favor in the 60 's and 70 's when reye 's syndrome developed in some children ( under the age of 16 ) who took aspirin while they had the flu and / or chickenpox . about 30% of the children affected died and many more had permanent brain damage . because of reye 's syndrome , alternate analgesics were placed on the market , the premier being tylenol . there is no reason to fear using aspirin if you are an adult , as reye 's syndrome only occurred in children under 16 years of age . the usual dose of aspirin is 350 mg , with the " extra-strength form at 500 mg . most adults will easily tolerate a dose of 650 mg ( 2 tablets ) every 4 hours with a maximum daily dose of 5 , 200 mg . ( some with rheumatoid arthritis take up to 7200 mg / day with a doctor 's supervision ) . there is no additional benefit to taking more than 1 , 000 mg every 4 hours . increasing the dose beyond this point will only increase the toxicity of aspirin . aspirin should be avoided in people taking blood-thinning medications , those with stomach ulcers , and used with caution in insulin-dependent diabetics . allergies can develop to aspirin as well . never mix aspirin with any of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatories , such as ibuprofen , as there is no pain benefit and the gastric upset chance is greatly increased . do n't mix aspirin with alcohol either , as it is hard on the stomach . used properly , aspirin is a terrific medication . i prefer to buy my aspirin in a generic form . one pays more for aspirin if it is produced by a name-brand manufacturer . however , the big-manufacturers also package aspirin in some of the buffered forms that some people tolerate better . jim " konedog " koenig 
software neg 669.txt i liked the software itself . being the first year i used it , i thought i 'd start being a regular tt customer . then it was april 17 2007 and i tried to e-file . the servers would not respond all day . there were no admins to be reached on the support sites or the forums ( except for one who said " i do n't know what is the problem and i have nothing to tell you " ) . one major failing with this software is that it cannot automatically try to connect . if it fails , it says " try again in 10 minutes " . which i 've had to do all night . now - i will miss my tax deadline and have spent 6 hours at my computer trying to get connected . mail is not an option now as my car is gone . this is a major failure of the company and an utter lack of support , since their officials apparently could n't be bothered to come in to work on tax day to offer us any solutions . i will not buy again . 
books neg 630.txt many words - few practical tips ! this book did not give much more ( -valuable - ) information than i already had found out by reading the manual delivered with my pocket computer . after reading the book i still had to search for web communities , where some of my questions could be answered . my expectations when buying the book were mainly focused on the need for practical hints concerning how to manage tasks , contacts and appointments . unfortunately , in my view , these important and basic issues were treated too superficially . 
books pos 620.txt this is my kindergarten son 's favorite junie b . book , although he loves them all . he laughs out loud at junie b 's antics and loves pointing out her grammar mistakes . i love junie b . books because it helps initiate conversations with my son about his kindergarten . i 'll ask questions like , ' has anyone in your class ever done anything like that' . this particular book led to interesting discussions about how grown-ups make mistakes too and whether someone goes to jail for a minor crime ( that 's all i will say without giving it away ) . enjoy junie b . - she 's charming 
health neg 876.txt the little radio does not have the ability for station lock-in . every time it is turned on it reverts to a station set at the manufacturer . since there are no indicators or displays it is annoying and time consuming having to constantly reset the station ( s ) . it also has lousy reception and lots of static can be heard when the radio is on 
software pos 255.txt i checked around before making this purchase , and amazon had the best price for print shop . i love it , i 've used it for a couple of projects and i have no complaints . it 's like a one stop shopping for all your publishing needs 
books neg 110.txt while i realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book , it reminds me of the story , " the emperor has no clothes " . yes , choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes , the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying . the " flipping back and forth " was not accomplished in a smooth , flowing manner . in addition , the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved . the kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived . it would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone 
dvd neg 77.txt who would give the green light to this ? it is a total remake of the 1968 classic . the only difference is that there is a slight revamp to reflect modern times . since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it...it pales in comparison to the original . this was really weird to remake this movie . " dawn of the dead " was cool b / c it had a new , fresh spin to the story . this has no scares , no atmosphere , no innovations and no riveting performances . skip this one 
health pos 851.txt i use and like most all of the olay lines of products . this one is great because it is not only a sunscreen but a skin treatment as well . i ca n't wait for the one that has a " hint of tan " in it along with the sunscreen to be on the market . i heard about it , but apparently it is not out as of yet . 
books neg 215.txt seems amidst the turbulence and brouhaha of that james frey fiasco , anybody who now pens their auto-bios have to first be as famous and beloved as billy crystal . but then they can only put out the cotton-candy coney island fluff as ' 700 sundays ' is . granted , the book is based on crystal 's highly-praised tony award winning theatrical performance about time with his father and relatives when growing up during the 50s et al . but it 's nothing more than an appetizer to fill in and / or tide one over during the day and night kaddish . yet in ripping a page out of billy 's book , it 's not hard to imagine how that rapid-fire exchange between him and his agent went . it probably went something like : " hey , bubby , how about writing a book talking about your 700 sundays with your pop ? " " well , i 'm not a writer per se . i just jot down a few notes here and there , and then go out and perform the material on stage . " " so here 's a few blank pages of paper ; write down what you have . " " it 'll only be 45 maybe 50 pages at most ; and it sounds and looks much better than it reads . " " do n't worry , bubby , i know people who know people who...you get the idea...at the publishers . here 's their recipe : they 'll take your 50 wholesale pages and spread ` em out across 180 retail pages . ' how ? ' may you ask ! well , they 'll cut ` em in half , then cut ` em in half again . and using big ink letters so even grandmas can read it without their glasses ; surround it by a whole lot of white space ; toss in some pictures at different angles from your family album - - slap it all together between two hardcovers...it 'll be just fine . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry . consider it like a vintage bottle of mogen david 20 / 20 wine , aged a few months before it makes it to the shelves of your favorite corner liquor store hangout . in this case , the local bookstores . oh , and make sure you give ` em just enough to whet their taste buds ; leave ` em wanting more and thirsty for more . people 'll drink it up . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face . everybody loves ya . just toss in a few tidbits from your routines about satchmo and mantle , you 'll be all right . do n't forget now , we 've got the sequels all lined up for ya too . y'know ` 700 mondays ; ' then ` 700 tuesdays ' and so on . yes'sir , i can see it all now : we 've got the lock on all those 700 days of the week shtick . oh , and we 'll do some holiday editions too , starting with ` 700 hanukkahs ! ' " you 're still friends with that kid , adam sandler , back from your snl days , are n't ya ? ! yes , so we 'll get you and him together to come up with new lyrics to that hanukkah song of his . it 'll be a great collaboration . it 's good to pass down the ladder to them other kids climbing up once you 've made it . y'know god blesses and does n't forget those things by them who do . yes , ok , so we 'll go ahead from there and do ` 700 passovers ! ' " and it 'll be an annual event too , dont'cha know . just think , when people see chuck heston...may god keep a special place in heaven for him...when people see chuck heston and the ten commandments , they 'll be thinking about you too , billy . yes'sir , we 'll have em crying and laughing every year on passover , you 'll see . " oh , and holy of holies , out of the deal we 'll get ` 700 yom kippurs ! ' you 'll see . but this will be only for our people , billy , you understand . so you might have to dig deep to get material for it . but that 's what authors do , they dig deep . but you already knew that , right ? can you dig it , man ? i knew that you could . " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face , everybody loves ya ! your books do n't have to be earth-shattering or thought-provoking or anything like that . but hey listen , with a book deal , a books-on-tape deal , and who knows even a movie deal , we 'll turn your little leaden bits into golden nuggets . mark my words we will . " and say , since you have n't had a hit movie in awhile...no offense...we 're going to get martin scorsese to produce and direct your life story . yes , it 'll be something like ' pinch me i 'm still jewish : the billy crystal story ' in widescreen and all that jazz . it 's what everybody in hollywood 's doing right now . yeah , no use waiting until your dying or dead already , billy - god forbid . no , siree , bubby ! ! " so scorsese will do the movie on the cheap , because god knows the man deserves an oscar already . you know it , i know it , we all know it , billy . and not just an honorary or lifetime achievement either , but the really big one , see ! and just imagine , would n't it be something if you were hosting the awards ceremony and handed marty his own oscar ? ! yes , well , we can schmooze on about all this stuff later . " but for now , with the books and everything , you 'll be a one-man franchise , yes you will ! you 'll be on the new york times best seller list from now until forever ! it 'll be great ! ! " " yes , but.. . " " oh and well , i did n't want to say anything just yet , but , okay , here goes : there might be plans to expand everything too ! listen , bubby , i know somebody who knows somebody who...you get the idea...over at the networks . " we can do a little chris rock in the neighborhood sort of thing . we 'll put a kid who looks and acts like you - about as tall as you - into the neighborhood that you and your family lived in , see . " and it 's going to be a period piece too ! we 'll introduce all the new kids to the stars of yesteryear - - y'know , cantor , jolson , jessel , durante ! throw in some goniffs and shiksas that the cast can work off of every week - - it 'll be fun ! " chris rock is great . but you can be greater too . listen , face , we 'll make it a celebration . something like ' growing up mazel tov ! ' maybe we get 700 shows out of it . maybe less , maybe more , but people will still love it anyway . you 'll see ! " " yes , but , well , i 'm not really a writer / author . i 'm an entertainer , so why would i want to do any of this ? " " we could make a couple of dollars ! " " okay . i 'm in ! " and so it went and so it goes . final analysis : a so not looking mahvelous , better luck next time , with all due respect , sadly not recommended book . 
software pos 834.txt i bought this product because i had tried with great success another punch product . it was so easy to use and load onto my computer . it was a great value to be able to have one product that allows me to redesign anything from interior floors and walls , to my deck and plants outside 
books neg 306.txt after anticipating the arrival of this book ( that i ordered some time before publication after hearing of it ) , i was disappointed . although the subject is timely , the writing style smacks of academia and therefore , will not appeal to the mainstream ( reader ) . because i 'm tenacious by nature , i finished the book , but found my mind wandering throughout because it simply did not hold my attention . too bad - it could have been inspirational 
camera neg 644.txt i do n't see how they can recommend this kit for all dx cameras . the dx7590 would barely fit in that case 
health pos 370.txt this nature made product is excellent . however , readers should be aware that this products does not contain iron for a very good reason . taking iron supplements sets you up for potential health problems if you are a woman over 50. i hope the other reviewer takes note of this . 
music pos 416.txt this cd is a must for any horn player or lover of the instrument ! cerminaro has tremendous technique and extremely sensitive mucicality . en 
camera neg 899.txt i had this camera for 2 months . it was kept in a case and was very well taken care of . i would not even allow my husband to touch it . i was taking pictures and then one suddenly came out as a white screen . i took another and the same thing . i asked my husband what he thought was wrong . we took out our memory card and tried internal . same thing again . he said maybe it was the lcd screen . we loaded the pictures in the computer and it was even worse . i contacted kodak several times . they do n't care about their customers . i have talked to several others in similar situations with similar results . we will try to get their attention with a lawsuit . if interested contact me [... 
health neg 664.txt i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. . 
software neg 214.txt ok ! being the richest human being on the planet called earth , bill gates decided that he 's not wealthy enough . so he released this microsoft office 2003 , which i really think is not much different from previous edition . the price is , as usual , very expensive . what 's worse is that bill gates decided all the pre-installed windows in new laptops and desktops come with the trial version . so mere mortals like us need to spend extra big money buying the full version to simply do some basic documents . i can see bill gates , being a deified bloodsucker , using $100 dollar bills as toilet paper , and laughing at us who work their butt off just to make enough money to live . so shame on you bill gates and microsoft 
software pos 630.txt love the program... . hate the company ! i 've been using quickbooks for more than 10 years . i started with the basic edition since i am a very small business and use only a portion of the program , specifically customer and vendor lists , invoicing , a / r and purchase orders . overkill is an understatement.. . quickbooks pro is much more powerful than i need . i do n't use payroll , check printing , year end accounting and many of its other functions . so why did i purchase such a powerful program ? that 's the " rub " . intuit is not satisfied with its quickbooks users being content with the edition that they are using ; intuit sales people call all too frequently trying to get you to upgrade to the next higher version ( edition ) of their program . they hounded me for years to upgrade from the early basic edition to the then current basic edition ; finally , they dropped support of the product and i had no choice . i purchased quickbooks 2005 basic edition in 2005. shortly after purchasing it , they informed me that they were no longer going to support the 2005 basic edition and if i wanted continued support i would have to upgrade again , this time to the pro edition . this january ( 2007 ) i received an email from intuit informing me that my 2005 basic edition would n't run on the new windows xp vista platform and if i switched to vista i would need to upgrade to quickbooks pro . i upgraded to a new pc in february as the result of a major crash on my former system and opted to go with vista , thinking that i could install windows 98 as a second operating system to run quickbooks 2005 basic . the second operating system did n't work out and , after seriously considering switching to microsoft accounting 2007 , i purchased quickbooks pro . i was very disappointed that intuit did n't offer a significant purchase incentive to existing users ; but they never have in all the years that i 've been using their product . even microsoft , the shark of sharks , offers incentives . do n't be misheartened . i purchased the program from amazon and , with rebates and other purchase incentives , saved $60 over intuit 's price ; i could have saved an additional $25 if i had bought on ebay ( had i known it at the time ) . 
dvd pos 92.txt this film is one of my all time favorites . i think it 's because these kids remind me of my friends and i as kids - riding our bikes , going on little adventures , etc. the cast is absolutely perfect . wil wheaton was the best crying kid of all time - with the exception of ricky schroeder in the champ . lol . river phoenix was excellent in this film , which is an adaptation of a stephen king short story . part road film , part coming of age tale , all the elements are here to tug at your heart strings . 
health neg 918.txt i tried this deodorant for 2 weeks and it peeled of my skin . stay away 
dvd pos 97.txt the folks at pbs deserve the gratitude of photography teachers and students everywhere . taking on subject matter as impossibly broad as photography in 20th century america ? this documentary covers- - sometimes comprehensively , sometimes briefly- - virtually every important topic germane to the field of study , from pictorialism to straight photography , from fashion to the scientific . along the way , we are introduced ( or reintroduced ) to what has been the medium 's most important uses : journalism and documentary . " a century of images " is as instructive for the novice as it may be reaffirming to those already familiar with much of the material . underlying a wealth of historical examples and anecdotes are the two twin themes that raise this effort above the mundane : concern over the ethical issues photographs present , and the effects of mechanically produced images in the post-industrial age on the psyche of our nation . these themes manifest themselves in ways that are often revelatory and moving . one memorable example : the way edward curtis 's images of native americans are placed into context by a woman who appreciates them , yet yearns for more images that show her people the way they " really were . " sections on war photography cover wwi , wwii , vietnam and the gulf war with compassion , and work as excellent visual aids to discussions on todays situation in iraq . another bonus : the section on the transition to a digital age has not yet outlived its usefulness . until i was able to buy this fabulous history on dvd , my biggest complaint was that while using the vhs version , i had all kinds of problems locating the various scenes i wanted to pull out to show my photography and visual communication courses at the university where i teach . now that i can happily locate scenes at will using the dvd menu , i can direct my ire at its few but significant omissions and shortcomings . more on walker evans , robert frank , diane arbus please . . . . they were pretty damned influential . 
software neg 101.txt pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in ... hold on ... let me start again . pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting ... dang it ! give me a few minutes here ... pinnacle studio can assist ... ( samuel l jackson-styled expletive ) ... how many times is this gonna happen ? start and stop ! start and stop ! enough already ! one more time . now , what was i saying ? oh , yeah ... pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting video ... if you can keep it up and running . got the idea ? just adding my voice to the chorus of those have experienced the frustration of the pinnacle products . this is a bargain-priced product for which you will pay the cost of long hours of irritation and heart-pounding races to meet project deadlines -despite the software malfunctions . after installing the program , installing the patches , uninstalling the program and patches and reinstalling the program and the patches , i am still experiencing too many crashes . if you intend to use this program to piece together a video of uncle morty 's birthday party , the family vacation or your neighbor 's kid 's bar mitzvah , the cost and the ease of this program may outweigh the annoyance of its aforementioned weakness . if , however , your video projects fit under the category of " job description , " then i suggest spending the money for adobe premiere 
books pos 456.txt i dont agree with the previous reviewer at all . my kids love everything in this book and if i find enough time i want to make every single toy . they are not scary looking at all . if you like knitted babes by claire garland , you ll love this one . there are 5 themes in this book : enchanted land : princess and castle fairy dream : fairy and baby , flower pillow , unicorn wild trail : cowboy and mustang set to sea : pirate and ratty , dinghy magical waterworld : mermaid , fish , seahorse and crab , dolphin there are also pages on knitting , crochet and stitching basics . this is probably not a book for a beginner , but if have some experience you ll want to get your needles , hooks and yarn and just get going . i can only recommend this one . 5 stars ! ! ! 
camera neg 539.txt what a pile of junk . three full seconds pass between pushing the shutter button and when the camera actually takes the picture . if you move at all during that three seconds , the picture is a blurred mess . even if you do n't move , the pictures turn out blurry and dark . and if you use the flash , you get a lovely white picture of nothing . i ca n't believe they sell this thing . 
books neg 379.txt the author keeps referring to the lds church as a cult . by definition a cult is : a religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false , with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian , charismatic leader . in christ 's day many would have considered his movement ( christianity ) a cult by definition and now it 's the largest religious form of worship in the world . so let mormons do their thing . there 's upwards of 12 , 000 , 000 of them now so i guess they 're not a cult anymore 
software neg 324.txt this is a terrible product . i could not even load the program onto my machine . i had the same 2006 version and had no trouble loading that one . i sent the product back and requested a refund to my credit card . i cannot recommend this product and if you take a chance and order it i hope that you have better luck then i did 
software neg 693.txt do not waste your money ! i consider myself pretty computer savvy , but this software is not easy to use . you 'd have an easier time just drawing out your ideas by hand . 
books pos 438.txt i read this book 2 years ago , and still consider it one of the most compelling and important books i have ever read . besides being completely absorbed by this man 's life and experiences , i learned so much valuable information about cambodia from it that i wish it was required reading for anyone traveling there . blended seamlessly with the narrative you will learn of the history and culture of the cambodians , the groundwork for the rise of the khmer rouge , the horrors and fallacies of life under a communist regime , and the story of pol pot . i also gained an insight into buddhist thought and daily life in cambodia , all of which prepared me well for my trip there . haing ngor 's life story also helped me understand the damaging psychological consequences endured by the victims of this holocaust , and of the difficulties cambodians have had in trying to adjust to life in america . there are a lot of lessons to be learned from this book , and many which can give us a better ability to analyze current international events . if you read no other book about cambodia , read this one 
books pos 448.txt this is a nice compact hardback edition of dashiell hammett 's five novels , which he wrote between 1929 and 1934. a veteran of pinkerton detective agency in several cities , hammett turned his intimate familiarity with crooks , low-lives , and the seedier side of life into hard-boiled , hard-hitting detective stories . this was a time when urban corruption was the rule , and private detectives , journalists , and police officers shared information . two of these novels , & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; are american classics . another , & quot ; the thin man&quot ; , inspired one of hollywood 's best-loved movie franchises . hammett 's novels lift the veil of propriety from the subcultures in which they take place , laying bare violence , corruption , and pervasive cynicism . but they 're not dreary . the sharp prose crackles , and the heroes stand apart from the corruption while swimming in it , steadfast in their own codes of conduct , their iconoclastic ideologies rooted securely in realism . these five novels all appeared as serials in magazines prior to being published as novels . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; appeared first in & quot ; redbook&quot ; , the others in & quot ; black mask&quot ; . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; ( 1930 ) and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; ( 1931 ) are flawless . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; features private detective sam spade , a irresistible femme fatale , and the ruthless pursuit of an ancient gold statuette . the last pages of the book are some of the most hard-hitting and cynical in all of noir fiction . and they 're brilliant . & quot ; the glass key&quot ; explores political corruption that leads to personal tragedy in an unnamed american city . oddly , the detective is the right-hand man of a crime boss . & quot ; red harvest&quot ; ( 1929 ) features the adventures of hammett 's most popular detective , the continental op , in a town called personville , or poisonville to those who know it better . the always unnamed detective for the continental detective agency finds himself responsible for cleaning up a mining town that is ruled by violence and mob warfare . the novel 's opening paragraph deserves to be read several times . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; ( 1934 ) is an attempt at humor among new york 's blue-blooded , cold-blooded upper crust . hard-boiled humor is interesting in concept . but i find the characters in this novel more pitiful than funny , and hammett 's style was in decline at this point . at least his characteristic cynicism wasn't . & quot ; the dain curse&quot ; ( 1929 ) is another continental op novel . this one is melodramatic , absurd , and not up to hammett 's usual standards . hammett fans should n't miss it , but others may find it pointless . i described the novels in order of descending quality . & quot ; complete novels&quot ; organizes them chronologically . five novels is a lot to pack into one book . but & quot ; complete novels&quot ; does n't resemble a door stop . it 's a handy size actually . the print is not too small , but the pages are quite thin . editor stanley marcus , a literary critic and frequent admirer of hammett 's work , has included a chronology of hammett 's life and several pages of notes on the novels in the back of the book . the chronology is informative and provides all of the apparently significant events in hammett 's life . the notes are mostly definitions of colloquialisms used in the novels , which are useful . the notes also contain an introduction to & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; , written by hammett in 1934 , in which he explains the origins of that novel 's characters . it 's quite interesting . for those who prefer to own these novels separately , vintage crime / black lizard hs published some handsome trade paperback editions . but if you want hardback and do n't mind all five novels in one volume , this is quite a nice book 
health neg 297.txt i really enjoyed my nano chi iron while it lasted ( rip 7 / 06-11 / 06 ) , it handles well , it 's a great straightener , and it 's a pretty color . however , i dropped it approximately two feet , onto a carpeted floor , and it stopped working . i purchased the chi about four months ago and think that a $120 iron should be a bit more resiliant . i 'll still purchase chi products , but would n't recommend investing in the nano technology just yet...there are a few kinks that still need to be worked out , and it 's not worth having to pay an extra $35 to have it repaired 
music neg 357.txt this is the only album i own of joe strummer minus the clash . i ca n't say it 's very good . i hate having to compare it with it with his work with the clash but it 's inevitable . his lyrics are n't as great , edgy or provocative . there is n't any fantastic music either . i am not really sure what to say since i have n't listened to the album in so long because it was so bad , i truly tried my hardest to like it . but i feel it is my duty to advise others to not make the same mistake . believe me : i absolutely love everything about the clash , the lyrics , joe 's voice , the music , the attitude and how cool they were , this is not joe at his best , it 's cool though cause now he 's gone : go buy some bob marley albums instead , joe would not have minded 
software pos 994.txt frontpage 2003 is a great , easy-to-use wysiwyg web builder . most hosting companies support frontpage extensions , a set of web robots to help you build a dynamic site , similar to dhtml . two warnings , though : 1 ) this full version is too expensive ; you may qualify to buy the half-priced academic version ( search for " frontpage 2003 academic " on amazon ) ; 2 ) more important , though , frontpage is being discontinued as a product altogether and will be replaced by office sharepoint designer ( for businesses ) and expression web ( for everyone else ) . you can download the latter for free ( for now , at least ) on msft 's website 
books neg 524.txt disappointed . as an english teacher , i expected a more compelling and less hokey use of whitman . the first story , of the deformed whitman loving boy , was utterly unbelievable and the continuity was incredibly challenging 
camera neg 155.txt yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for 
camera pos 617.txt this is a very good camcorder with the main problem i noted being the dvd format giving only 30 minutes or so of recording in hd mode per disk . it is also a problem that only blue-ray dvd players can play back the dvd in hd mode . even worse that it might destroy the disk if you use it on another player . nevertheless , the price was good and i think blue-ray will be more affordable in the near future . meanwhile , i can playback my video directly or send it to the computer . i am glad i bought it . if a minidv tape version were available at the same price now i think it might be better to stick with the tape version for now though . i was sent a bad power supply with the camcorder but sony sent a new one right away . be careful to buy the correct battery and external charger accessories for the camera as it is a bit confusing as to which will work for it . overall - i am very happy with the camcorder 
dvd pos 346.txt while this certainly is n't the best pearl jam concert ever it is n't the worst either . the first disc starts a little slow..but you ca n't argue with getting to hear song 's like " in my tree " and " faithfull " . highlights are : love boat captain...a nice opener . one of the best of riot act song 's for sure . in my tree , one of , if not my favorite pj songs . not quite as rocking as the 2000 tour performances but still great . gimme some truth . maybe not a technically perfect perfomance but heartfelt and passionate . good john lennon cover . even flow . always great . spin the black circle...the band starts to get more into the show after this rocking performance . thumbing my way...just a great slow song . breath . in my opinion the best performance of the show...just great . crown of thorns . i really like this version of the song...played well whether you think ed should sing it or not . baba o'reilly . the classic " who " song . a great performance . just try to sit still during this one . i would reccomend this dvd to anyone that is a pearl jam fan already but if you 're not then i would start with some of their studio albums first . 
software neg 74.txt this product does nothing . i put in 30 dvds and vcds and none were able to be copied . easy dvd burner if u can actually find a dvd that is able to burn . everything is copy protected...and i hear that over and over again . there is a reason why this product is so cheap...because it does nothing at all ! u cant burn dvds . you can only take a few files you might already have and burn them on a disk that does not play on a dvd player . thats it . dont waste you money on this . its worthless. . 
software neg 537.txt this has caused serious technical errors on my systems- -all new laptops , desktops . it will cause ms word 2007 to crash and also cause a number of errors on your file system , possibly requiring you to re-install your vista os . worked well in windows xp and office 2003 environment , and they claim this is vista compatible , along with paperport 11. the company will not offer me a refund . i will pursue . 
health neg 452.txt would rate at no stars if possible . first one failed after 7 months , would not hold charge . it was replaced under warranty ; the replacement failed after 8 months , again , would not hold charge . customer service said to send in for repair , no estimate of how long i 'd be without a razor . my response is " forget it . " braun , here i come 
camera pos 163.txt well , besides a whole bucket full of money , one of them lets you take photos in lower light , okay , that 's obvious . the 16-35mm is a bit heavier , but not so you 'd notice , unless maybe you were carrying it around all day , without eating and you 're a bit over the hill . so why pay the extra money , unless , of course , you do a lot of shooting in the early morning and late evening ? maybe you should n't , because i 've been doing a lot of photo taking with both , film and digital , and as one would expect from the " l " lenses , the photos are crisp and sharp . in fact i keep i the 17-40 on the camera i carry around all day , you know , the one i might leave on the table in a restaurant when i got to the restroom . it 's a lot less money to lose to someone looking for a five finger discount . however , my gal pal sara and i take a lot of early morning photos . she shoots old houses , and she never , ever goes out without the 16-35mm . she swears by it , loves it , sometimes i think better than me . so there is a difference , i 'm the kind of person that could happily live with less expensive lense , sara is not . however they both deliver gorgeous photos . you ca n't go wrong if the lense has that red circle around it . jack priest , sailor home from the se 
music pos 440.txt the best of taste compiles material from their 4 official albums released from 1969-72. the albums consisted of two studio albums & quot ; taste&quot ; , & quot ; on the boards , and the two live albums & quot ; live taste&quot ; , and & quot ; live at the isle of wight&quot ; . this band was a power trio led by rory gallagher before he disbanded the group to embark on a successful solo career . the band led by gallagher on vocals , guitar ( electric , acoustic , & amp ; slide ) , harmonica , and alto sax specialized in hard hitting blues rock . the music has much in common with cream . however , the richard mccracken and john wilson could not compete with the stellar musicianship of jack bruce and ginger baker . the undervalued gallagher is an unsung guitar hero whose work compares favorably with that of eric clapton . like cream the band favored extended versions of tunes like & quot ; sugar mama&quot ; and & quot ; i feel good&quot ; included here . the music included here is varied . it ranges from the slow gut wrenching version of & quot ; catfish&quot ; to the more acoustic cover of & quot ; leavin ' blues&quot ; . the cuts from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; become more jazzy at times . tracks like & quot ; on the boards&quot ; and & quot ; it 's happenened before , it 'll happen again&quot ; highlight the band 's more improvisational approach . hard hitting tracks like & quot ; eat my words&quot ; spotlight gallagher 's outstanding slide technique . two cuts i miss from this period which are not included here are & quot ; dual carriageway pain&quot ; from & quot ; taste , and & quot ; morning sun&quot ; from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; . the live concert favorite & quot ; sinner boy&quot ; provides a bridge to gallagher 's solo career as the studio version was included on his first solo album & quot ; rory gallagher&quot ; . this anthology provides a great overview of the early work of irish blues-rock guitar hero rory gallagher and his battered stratocaster . it is even more essential as the four original albums are only available as imports 
software pos 216.txt this is a great productbecause once you install ityou need not use the cd agai 
camera neg 344.txt i purchased this item because of a recommendation from a friend . i will start out by saying that when i first purchased this frame , i loved it . the display , contrast and brightness were great . however , after 5 short months , the display 's pixels started acting funny . they get out of sync and display a solid color rather than the imgage . turning the frame off and back on resolves the issue for about 60 seconds and then it 's back to bad pixels . myself and two of my friends each purchased this frame and are all experiencing the same issue . in conclusion - it would have been a great frame if it had worked long enough to display pictures from all four seasons . 
music neg 526.txt who in the world called this ' 'hard rock' ' ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? this is a bunch of self-pitying , mainstream jibberish..nothing interesting at all . i shall dub this as ' 'alternative whine'' . 
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system . 
dvd pos 744.txt i have always been a fan of movies that mix special effect animation with live action and the mask is no exception . i would also have to say that the mask is one of a kind in terms of unique films . there are many good things about this film aside from the well written script and good acting but i think the one thing that shines the most about the mask is the special effects and the humor that goes along with it . for those of you who do n't know , a big portion of the effects and humor from this movie stem from the old tex avery cartoons such as droopy the dog and the lone wolf who lusts after the nightclub dancer in a red dress ( this feature is shown in the bonus section of the dvd ) . these kind of cartoons were always my favorite growing up aside from looney tunes . getting back on the subject , what i also found thrilling about the mask is how well the dog milo was trained to perform certain task . if you have seen this movie , you know what i 'm talking about . the training of the dog is also shown in the bonus section of the dvd . the movie itself was a take-off of the comic series of the mask . though not quite as dark as the comics , the film itself managed to portray enough adult humor and semi-violence so that the mask would not be deemed as a children 's film hence the pg-13 rating . a big plus to the mask was how jim carrey portrayed the different character traits of stanley ipkis and stanley ipkis wearing the mask . another big plus about this movie is the main villain getting hold of the mask . and of course , who can dislike ben stein 's typical character of a monotone man with sarcastic remarks ? oh , and cameron diaz is an absolute babe in this movie as well . as for the dvd , this re-release is an improvement from the previous . you get 5.1 surround sound along with a crisp widescreen picture . the added bonus features are also great and should be viewed to appreciate what was put in to making this movie 
health pos 698.txt this scale was easy to understand and measures the same as my doctors office . easy to monitor weight and fat 
software pos 720.txt when my last computer got zapped by lightning the one thing i missed the most was being able to balance my check book . glad to be back on track . i like the new look 
camera pos 847.txt i bought this camera to replace a high mp sony pocket camera , and i am thrilled with it . the picture quality is absolutely gorgeous in any lighting . the red eye reduction really works , and gets rid of the red-eye before it ever gets to the memory card . it has a compact flash card memory system , which is great because big compact flash cards are much more afforadable than the other types of cards . this camera is better than my brother 's canon slr in terms of picture quality , but not nearly as bulky and cumbersome . the battery life is fantastic . one other nice feature is the screen at the top of the camera which lets you see how many pictures you have , and the batter life , mode , etc without opening the screen . the only drawbacks to this camera are ( 1 ) not the biggest zoom lens , but plenty enough for the typical photographer , ( 2 ) the screen could be bigger , but still acceptable , and ( 3 ) when you have the screen open , you ca n't use the viewfinder , which is a little annoying , but not a big deal . i have owned 4 other high-end digital cameras and this is by far the best one i have ever used . 
dvd neg 831.txt it has been a couple years since i 've seen this , and i can still honestly say that it 's like watching a andy warhol movie of salvor dail puking . a kind of swirly colorful mess , with brendan fraser and bridget fonda stuck in the ooze of ick , and ca n't escape it 's yuck of a screenplay...on a positive note , jim carrey is n't in it . other then that , nothing can redeem henry selick , kaja blackley , and sam hamm for this putrid monstrosity , and i mean that from the bottm of my heart 
software pos 552.txt this is probably one of the most outstanding and rewarding software programs that i can ever remember purchasing . i never learned how to type , so i reserved myself from many computer projects / reports , email responses and business related aspects due to this ' achilles heel' . well , i researched this software and found that it has come a long way from earlier versions and decided it 's time to give it a try . i even bought a plantronics cs55 - usb wireless headset from the get go to give this software a real workout . let me tell you , my pessimism was definitely challenged because the software worked extremely good about 20 minutes after opening the box and browsing the tutorial . i was talking sentences and watched it appear on my monitor within seconds . i speeded up my speach as if talking in a normal conversation with someone and this software just kept spitting it on-screen . amazing ! ! ! ! do n't get me wrong . there are occasional misspellings to deal with but your user profile keeps getting updated everytime you use it and prevents the same mistakes from occuring the next time . it begins to gain more and more accuracy . salvation has been found as far as i 'm concerned . p.s. i began running the program with win xp - 512mb ram and it performed very well . i just upped to 2 gigs ram . most everyone in forums recommends at least 1 gig ram . i did this review in about 1 min . and had only two misspells . 
music pos 21.txt poison the well are one of those bands that i was really big on right when i first started listening to them , but which faded a lot pretty quickly . i ca n't really say why . i like their work , but it does n't inspire me the way it used to . still , i do like them , and this album particularly . maybe not as much as opposite of december , but whatever . yes , this is n't as ' hardcore ' as their older stuff , but i 've never been hardcore kiddie . ( i 'm a metalhead ) and frankly , being a modern hardcore band ai n't much of a compliment in my book . it 's funny , lotsa tech-metalcore and other ' core derived bands are good , but most straight hardcore / metalcore is staggeringly boring . so , while old ptw was semi-technical metalcore , this album is pretty much just extremely loud emo . but , they now how to be ' emotional ' and not come across as sissies , ( well , most of the time ) and jeff does n't sing in an unbearably affected manner . course , the ' extremely loud ' part helps a lot too , and jeff 's growls / screams are absolutely devastating . way better than on their previous albums , and some of the best extreme vox from anyone , ever . as an extremely heavy emo album , the instrumentation here is pretty bland . there is n't much real riffing going on , not in the metal sense anyway , mostly just a single note / chord repeated a great many times , than another one etc. but , the vox and atmospherics carry the day . the standout track is ' crystal lake ' , an absolutely bestial piece of deathcore . i 've listened to quite a bit of death metal in my day , but this has got to be one of the most devastating tracks i 've ever heard , largely because of the absolutely impassioned vox . lotsa extreme vox lack emotion , but never moeria 's ( probably spelling that wrong , sorry ) that , and the instruments are more noteworthy , very nasty and chaotic . also , it earns points for taking some of the seriousness out the genre with its jokey lyrics . ( for the culturally backward , this song is a first-person narrative from jason voorhees , killer of most of the ' friday the 13th ' films . hence the name ' crystal lake' . ) there are no truly weak tracks here . ' ghostchant ' is a good opener , nicely displaying the extreme tonal dichotomy of the album , mixing the fierce screams with some nice melodic vox . ' loved ones ' is one of the very best tracks , again carried almost entirely by the powerful vox . tracks 5 is a cool two part thing mixing the rather pleasant , harmonica and bass driven intro with one of the more hectic , grinding main songs . the album takes a turn for the lighter at about track 8. ' apathy is a cold body ' is a very emo-y track , but it 's got a lot of nice melody to it , so it works . ' sound like the end of the world ' is another strange one . it 's a slow doomy piece with oppressive atmosphere and a thick layering of vocal lines . not the best thing here , but it works and it earns some points for being different . yes , a solid , if not great album . check it out 
camera pos 722.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
books pos 308.txt love the idea for these books - perry mason - nancy drew - ca n't wait for the next one . love the research that gets sprinkled in to make a fun book . who 's next mike hammer - philip marlowe ? ? 
books pos 707.txt love letters has a very simple concept : two people reading letters they wrote to each other on separate parts of the stage . they never look at each other . but within these letters is so much humor , love , and truth that the play will carry you away with delight . i read this play as i was browsing through a bookstore . i just wanted to read the first couple of pages since i 'd heard so much about it . after page three , i did n't want to put it down . now i 'm buying it for a friend . do n't think this play is a sappy collection of gushy girl talk or even romance-novel fodder . if you have ever been in love , you will recognize parts of yourself in this . it always stays true to its well-drawn characters , which is what makes the end so heartbreakingly wonderful 
software pos 521.txt the software was installed flawlessly . programs have worked successfully and been exactly what i need and wanted 
software neg 826.txt i have 7 and 9 year old boys that play chess . they are also both very computer savy . i bought this program to buff up their chess playing skills and stategy , but they say they find it boring and do n't think it has anything to do with playing chess because the game pieces and boards look nothing like the traditional game pieces . the characters are very difficult to identify and confusing , they are cartoon renditions dressed up in costumes . i 'd save your money and look for a better chess program or get your child involved in an actual chess club 
books pos 77.txt this book is a very good study into what happen to the lost ten tribes of israel . mr. capt did a great job in back tracking by using the clay tablets that were found in assyria which list the tribes by the name which was used by the assyrians which is called the house of omri . this book is very in depth and very informative . i also noticed a person left one star because mr. capt did say anything about the jews . of course the jew 's would n't be metioned they were n't taken into exile until 586 bce , and that was by babylonia and not assyria . when reading about the ten tribes people need to know that the ten tribes were not jews . over all i give five stars and it is a must have for a historian or an avid bible reader intrested in research 
dvd neg 362.txt i would often rush to see all arnold schwarzenegger films , i adore his bad acting " it must be the muscles " i was 10 year old and he was the bomb now his movies now gives me a pain in my stomach and i start to twitch , i ca n't believe how terrible an actor this man was " is " and all the money he made doing these unrealistic bull crap , wow ! talk about the american dream , i admit there are some of his movies i would have to rate a classic but however this one really sucks maybe it was the time , trend , maybe the era , but i have come a long way and this guy is a difinite no ! no ! for me , this movie had it 's moments ! for a 8 year old maybe ! for an adult you have to have a strong stomach , you i would never say this about bruce willis mybe i am a hypocrite or maybe he just an good actor duh ! i could n't care less do with this what you will i wo n't recommend it later folks 
music neg 191.txt lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . i 'm already there and not a day goes by suffers from " amazed " syndrome . amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every ' 80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads 2 too much while making this album in nashville ? i 'm already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this . 
music pos 832.txt my husband and i play this cd all the time . we both love it 
software neg 293.txt caution : giving this software to your enemies will gaurantee that they will become mortal enemies , if they are not so already . 1 star is overrating this " product " . i am only writing this review to satify some sort of altruistic urge . this software is n't worth a second more of your time . just click a link now . good bye ! you are still there ? ok , read on . i write computer code ( c++ , java , c# ) for a living and i could not get this software to work correctly . starting up the " main console " application ( read : service ) kept turning off the firewall ( service ) . i could turn on the firewall - but only if the main service was off . brilliant ! well done guys on this festering sore of a pile of software . glad i got my $50 back with the rebates , they should have paid me at least $100 for the wasted time . i spent an hour with their help , chat ( which was slow and ineffective ) and another 30 minutes tweaking the registry , all to no avail , but lots of frustration . i 'm looking for another firewall / virus solution now 
health neg 687.txt this mister is not for continuous use . had it for only 2 days and the bubbler weakened and barely gave out a mist . but good as a lighting decor and ambience . 
dvd neg 374.txt i 'm not a mainstream beavis & butthead fan...the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular . i was there from the beginning . where the hell is frog baseball and burger world . i want to see burger wars ! ! ! ! there was a time when beavis did n't even talk he just laughed ( heh , heh , heh ) . fire....fire ! ! ! i want season 1 , 2 , 3. just release them as seasons....let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks . i want full episodes with videos included . every tv show is like this on dvd . why is this one different ? ! demand full episodes and full seasons ! ! ! 
books pos 828.txt this is a great book to have on your shelf . lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter 
camera pos 605.txt at first it was a little hard to get my pictures to look as good as the samples , but i found that by re-sizing them to about an inch or so on the computer before downloading them that they show up alot better . also , the ones with higher contrast are easier to see farther away . just look at the samples that come pre-loaded to remind yourself that it is possible to get great-looking pics at a surprisingly high resolution . after a few practice downloads i was thrilled with the results . **another plus : this one came with a wall charger . most have to be plugged in to the usb to charge . the wall charger makes it perfect to share on vacation when you 're away from your computer 
dvd neg 402.txt this is not a good movie ! bad acting , story , and picture ! i was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man after dvd i had but alass it was not . pass on this one unless u have 2 have it 
health pos 830.txt wow ! i 'm really impressed ! i 've had trouble cleaning under my bridge . i can fish floss under there and clean it good , but it takes a lot of time . now i just blast it clean in minutes . it does a good job of cleaning my back teeth . i 've never been totally satisfied with just flossing . now they feel perfectly clean . i love this device ! it does n't replace flossing . it does a great job under the gums , but i still feel cleaner after flossing . it 's great as a between brushing " touchup " . i recommend it to anyone . my mouth has n't felt this clean in years . i feel like i 've come from the dentist after a cleaning . thats a great feeling to have every day 
camera neg 962.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
software pos 643.txt nero 6 is a wonderful product , but you need to get a legal copy of the full retail version , not an oem cd or a cd of questionable origin . at this time ( april 2006 ) the best place to get it is from the ahead software website ( the makers of nero ) . ( you can get a retail box of nero 7 just about anywhere , but nero 6.6 seems to be more stable and provides all the functionality most users will need . ) you can download a demo , then purchase a serial number to unlock the full product . it 's a smooth , easy transaction . after many headaches i discovered that the oem version that came with my dvd burner would allow me to capture video from my camcorder , but would n't let me burn them to dvds . my choice was to either buy a cd of questionable origin ( and one that is almost certifiably illegal ) on ebay , purchase a dvd burning plug-in from ahead software for $24.99 , or purchase the whole suite for $80.00. i chose the latter . using my installed oem version , i purchased the serial number , entered it into the product ( very easy to do ) , then downloaded the latest updates , and i was off and running . this software produces very high quality dvds and can burn a disk in 15 to 20 minutes using an inexpensive 16x nec dvd burner . i am now a happy consumer with a stack of dvds containing transferred videos of great quality 
software neg 187.txt i recently purchased the software above only to find it does not support my dvd drive ( hl-dt-st rw / dvd gcc-4482b ( 1.00 ) i have unsuccessfully tried to contact roxio support three times . no response . i did go through the long list of supported drives and also emailed my problem to roxio . needless to say , i am very disappointed and do not recommend the purchase of this software . i have a new gateway desktop that came with the above drive . 
software neg 750.txt this concept is good but the user interface and playability is terrible . my 7-year old was frustrated with being forced to use the keyboard and no mouse . and we could n't figure out a way to go back to the main menu without exiting the game . and playing a later level requires you to go through all the earlier levels . and...did they actually test this thing on humans ? what a waste of potential . it is a good concept 
books neg 492.txt i 'm perhaps the only steinbeck lover not to have yet read " grapes of wrath " or " east of eden . " instead i have focused on " of mice and men " and his lesser known works , such as " to a god unknown " and , my personal favorite , " pastures of heaven . " i 've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular . when i began reading " in dubious battle , " it appeared the most engaging of all steinbeck 's work . telling the story of american communist party workers jim and mac , it begins with the story of hardscrabble jim initiating himself into mac 's radical cell . there is a great ( and misleading ) sense of intrigue - mac and jim travel by boxcar , work secretly through letters , go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers . early on , the pace is fast , exciting , and engaging . suddenly , steinbeck simply fails to deliver , leaving the reader wondering when he 's going to pick up the pace again . after jim and mac slowly initiate a worker 's strike , i expected the sense of excitement to continue . it simply never does . summary of " in dubious battle " - workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . the rest of the book mostly concerns jim and mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking . and while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first , they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book . most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration , and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense.. . ...and eating . steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story , because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding , eating , and ( worst of all ) talking about food . there is plenty of action that steinbeck could have shown during the story , but for some reason he prefers to focus on jim and mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment , discussing whatever comes to mind . steinbeck 's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters . but i advise any reader of " in dubious battle " to take this course - after the strike is initiated , simply set the book down . you wo n't miss anything . nothing of great import happens , and only a very few memorable characters ever surface , and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces . i suppose now i 'll give " grapes of wrath " a go . perhaps if it is n't one of his " greats , " it is n't worth reading 
health pos 487.txt i have medium colored hair , and i 've used this trimmer many times . it shaves away the hair just fine for me , you know need to know how to get to all the hair . if your hair is so coarse that this trimmer does n't work , you i 'd recommend waxing ! fast , effective , good angling 
music neg 999.txt will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
software neg 262.txt my desktop cd-rom refused to recognize that the cd was in the tray . it did recognize other cds . my desktop is a hp pavilion 2000 with windows xp homeversion . my laptop did accept the cd so i know that it is not the cd . i purchased the product for use on my desktop , not the laptop . i would appreciate instructions on fixing the problem 
music pos 401.txt -unique -highly artistic -creative -more credit to drummers -beatifully polishe 
books pos 112.txt having spent five years trying to establish an open-source software platform standard , in retrospect it would have been awfully nice to have had this book . if you 're going to compete with the big commercial firms you have to be comparable to or better than they are in as many areas as possible 
health neg 389.txt i wish i 'd listened to the other reviews . i bought this and it heated for exactly two months and then quit on me . claims a five year warranty but i ca n't return it to amazon so it 's just money wasted . be smarter than me , avoid this product if you value your money 
camera pos 471.txt a little background first.. . this was an upgrade camera for me , just over a year ago . i was in 35mm format for over 20 years . i used a pentax k1000 body and several different lenses , tele-converters and filters . at work , i 've had 4 years experience with a fuji fine pix 2mp " point-and-shoot " . it was provided by my work and was very durable ( it had to be , as i am in construction engineering ) . when i decided to switch " personally " to all digital i was very cautious . i first looked for pic quality and durability . from an " advanced-amature " photographer 's point of view , this camera is great ! ! ! this camera never leaves my side . it travels with me everywhere i go . it is extremely durable as it is mounted to an " ultra-pod ii " and i carry it over my shoulder ( i do n't keep it in a bag ) . it provides me outstanding quality pohotgraphs ( close , far or fast : work or play ) at a very reasonable price . it takes reasonable video ( considering my 35mm took none at all ) . it is easy to use and learn ( even for an old 35mm guy ) . it is lightweight and power usage is not an issue ( nimh is the way to go ) . i take close to 20 , 000 pics a year for work and play . i am always experimenting with this camera and it 's limits . i am so pleased with this camera ( and the previous fuji i used ) that my next upgrade will be a fuji as well ( looking to 10mp ) . for the $$$ you ca n't go wrong 
dvd pos 35.txt great movie and the movie a family can set and enjoy and not worry about the next word or scene may hold 
camera neg 109.txt for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back . 
software neg 194.txt i am very disappointed with this product . using the features of it are very difficult ( red eye , sizing , etc. ) in addition , digital photos downloaded into photo album 6 are of poor quality / clarity on the computer screen . i expected more from it but have found i have less . i will not buy an upgrade but rather will look for another product with similar and more easy use features 
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst 
music pos 865.txt this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing 
health neg 595.txt these did nothing for me . ask your doctor about aphthasol , a prescription drug approved by the fda - - which means it 's passed rigorous government testing standards . aphthasol changed my life 
health neg 768.txt i did not like this thing at all . it took too long to " shave " my legs . it did n't even remove all of the hair . it irritated my skin as well . 
camera pos 426.txt i bought this camera to take pictures of my family and friends . i have had if for more than one year , and it has performed above expectations under all conditions . the 1 minute video feature is great , and was an unexpected bonus ( since i did n't know about it when i bought it off amazon ) . the camera works great with iphoto and macos x . i bought a 512 mb card for it and so far it has been great . both my father and my father in law have the previous powershot s400 and they have had no problems with it . i figure at some point i 'll have to change the battery , because lithium-ions lose 20% capacity per year , but so far it has worked flawlessly . 
camera pos 809.txt the compact power adapter for camcorder that we had ordered was in excellent condition and as described . thank 
camera pos 176.txt this filter is a must have for photographers that care about their gear . it remains a cost effective tool for protecting the camera lens while serving as a great every day filter . 
books pos 634.txt the book is not ' really ' on christ in the etheric , but more several - " unrelated " - lectures about etheric life . sometimes christ only gets mentioned at the very end of a lecture . the book can be summed up as an accumalation of lectures of " cosmic life " if you like : the spiritual life that is connected with , and influences , life as seen only from / with physical senses . in the book is recorded about several " ages " ( golden age , silver age , iron age and dark age ) , and that how in each age clairvoyant abilities - [or really spiritual consciousness] - diminished with each age , and that the dark age has ended in 1899ac and that in this current age people need to become spiritually aware again to the point where they have a " damascus experience " ( experience of saul - later paul - in which he saw christ in etheric form ) . people who do not become spiritually aware will be bound into the earth consciousness / sphere and could cause disturbances in the earth . in this light , rudolf steiner communicated about the brotherhoods - in western and eastern countries - and how they try to prevent people from developing spiritually to the point where they will be able to meet christ in the etheric ( = 2nd coming of christ ( coming in the etheric ) ... and in future times coming of christ ( i.e. manifestation / presence of christ in the astral ) ) . in the book is also recorded about the sermon on the mount - with the beautitudes ( recorded in matthew 5 ) where jesus communicated about the development of the soul ( as recorded in other books by rudolf steiner ( sentient soul , intellectual soul , etc. ) ) . in the book is also recorded about " the afterlife " if you like : life of souls who have passed away and are still earthbound , and how those souls are connected to those souls that are incarnated in a physical body in earth . in the book is communicated about different levels in the ' afterlife ' and how feelings and will are active . it is recorded about astral plane , lower devachan and higher devachan in " etherization of the blood " and later on again in " three realms between death and rebirth " where is recorded in greater detail how activity in those realms is connected with life of souls incarnated in the earth and how christ is also present there and can be experienced in earthly life as ' destiny' ... and how people are so focused on what is , or has happened , but do n't pay attention to what is result of it not happening ( e.g. getting delayed for an appointment , or coming ( ' unexpectedly ' ) too early etc. ) . destiny is at work , with christ having its workings present in it according to rudolf steiner . in the book is also located about " the double " and how forces from within the earth influence it [geo-biology]. ireland was a place where those influences where most ' healthy ' for spiritual development / cognition and ireland was the place where christianity was able to flourish and waver out from to europe by irish monks 
software pos 877.txt i am new at researching my family history . the v16 collector 's ed of family tree maker was just what i needed . as an extra bonus it has a 1 yr . subscription to [...] to enhance the research capabilities . i would definitely recommenend this program 
software neg 746.txt i got norton ghost with my new dell pc , so i thought i would use it for backups to an external usb drive . after about 6 months of ' trying ' to use it , i finally gave up and uninstalled it . reason , most of the backups somehow get corrupted and the software seems to have trouble working with it . twice i removed all the partial backups and started from scratch , but again after a few weeks the backup agent would hang while doing an incremental backup . now , the software is good for making a complete clone of the hard disk or restoring system from an image , but it does not seem to work well with incremental backups 
books pos 895.txt & quot ; the journals of susanna moodie&quot ; poems are interesting and spare in style . i have not gone through the whole collection , but margaret atwood has written a thought-provoking account ( through poems ) of susanna moodie . any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of related poems 
dvd neg 814.txt this film is visually stunning and impressive , and has talented and credible actors . unfortunately , there is barely a story with a lot of poorly-developed characters who are " trained " / brainwashed and instructed in the ways of death and inhumanity . the settings and group " sermons " from nazi officials are striking and convincing , but there is nothing that ties it all together . our hero fails to strike the " killer blow " and is stripped , literally and figuratively , of all status and walks away . the end . i 'm forced to comment that this is marketed as a gay film , and i was surprised by how un-gay it was . in fact , the two boy " friends " work together at one point to spy on a lady in a state of undress . it 's more about a childhood relationship in the midst of chaos than anything else . i have issues with some of the pacing as well . i found myself pressing the fast forward button several times , and did n't really seem to miss much . not a good sign . so , for what it is , it 's okay . certainly not a masterpiece , and certainly not something to run out and buy . 
books pos 41.txt arrived on time and in terrific shape ! thanks 
books neg 158.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
music neg 41.txt i wanted to like brotherhood , for the simple reason that nearly every new order fan this side of the galaxy has dismissed it , usually with a faint whiff of snobbery ( or at least apathy ) . turns out they were right : brotherhood is half an album . most of its nine songs feel unfinished , as if the band wanted to cash in on the success of their 1985 smash low-life and did n't care about the end result . brotherhood is a rush job , plain and simple , but there are still glimmers of hope within this bare-bones effort . " as it is when it was " overcomes the album 's overall muddy production by dint of being mostly acoustic , and the melody is quite lovely . " all day long " , the emotional centerpiece of the album by default , is an intelligent ( if half-hearted ) protest against child abuse . while " angel dust " lacks a decent hook , its subtly danceable beat and effective synth noodlings will at least briefly hold your interest . and the toss-off " every little counts " has a charming sense of humor that is too often lacking in new order 's work . the most popular song on brotherhood is , of course , " bizarre love triangle " . so good it seems to belong to a different album entirely , " bizarre love triangle " is truly new order 's masterpiece . the solid beat , slick sequencer work , and gorgeous melody showcase the band at their best : catchy , danceable , and downright euphoric . ( imagine how well it would have fit on low-life . ) sadly , the rest of brotherhood is unremarkable . the album 's production neatly mixes rock with electronic flourishes , which has become new order 's signature sound , but the songwriting does n't measure up . buy the album if you 're a trainspotter , but casual new order fans would be better off picking up low-life or 1983 's power , corruption and lies . this one is just a footnote . 
books pos 639.txt first , the story takes place in the 1940s ( harold 's brother is mia in wwii , not in vietnam , as the amazon.com review erroneously states ) . second , the writing is superb . mr. lawrence makes you feel emotions without telling you what to feel . his characters are very real . his setting ( a small , struggling circus , traveling the western u.s. ) is historically believable , peopled with ' freaks ' who suffer as sideshows , unable to find any other way to live because of the bodies they were born with , but peopled also with ' normals ' who are either afraid of or cruel to the freaks . harold , the 14-year-old albino central character , tries to straddle both groups of people . he finds his niche in the circus as an elephant trainer . i am admittedly ignorant about such things , but mr. lawrence again makes the storyline with the elephants- -crucial to the plot of the novel- -seem believable . my only complaint about this otherwise very moving book has to do with the writing at a crucial death scene near the end . i do want you to read this book , so i will try not to give anything away here , but the writing at this important point becomes formulaic in the dying character 's last words and even gomer pyle-like ( people actuallly say " gosh ! " ) . this did detract from the impact of the death , unfortunately , but i still very strongly recommend this book . five stars for a book with a major flaw says a lot ! 
books neg 501.txt there is only one 100% whole grain bread recipe in this book . most of them are less than 50% whole grain . if you want healthy bread recipes try " breadtime " by cheney or " the laurel 's kitchen bread book " by robertson . every recipe in both of those books is 100% whole grain . i doubt that most people considering a book titled " whole grain breads.. . " are looking for recipes that contain just a small portion of whole grain ingredients . with that being said i thought the book had some good recipes and was well written . therefore , i am willing to give it 2 stars as opposed to none . 
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
books neg 289.txt this book started well , but fell flat in the middle . what little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through . even the shooting incident could n't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly . well , i did n't bother to finish it- -i have limited time for reading , and i do n't like to waste it . 
books neg 527.txt i have always been a prolific reader and rarely do i come across a book for which i can find no value , no redeeming qualities . but i must extend a hearty congratulations to julia barrett for writing the most astounding piece of horse excrement i have ever had the misfourtune to purchace . teachiing my cat to walk repeatedly over my keyboard would produce a work of more sense . if you are like me and just have to read it - just because you 're obsessed with austen - buy it used for 45 cents and then burn it 
software pos 334.txt after going insane with the new version of norton systemworks 2005 , which does n't even install , i decided to finally swear off all symantec products . i have used zone alarm pro for some time . it 's not perfect , but it certainly will protect your computer . i took the plunge and went with the full security suite this week , and i 've been relatively happy . on the plus side , the software works really well . the personal firewall is better than any you can find , and the virus protection found a phishing app that norton had not ( before i had unstalled it ) . on the minus side , the firewall can be problematic . i 've had page load issues on ebay and on my own site which has a cgi script to keep my images and files from being hotlinked ( bandwidth theft ) . when i visit my site or any other that has a similar anti-theft cgi script , the images simply wo n't come up . ebay gets all messed up as well . i have n't been able to figure out a setting that works , so i have to turn off the firewall on ebay and a few other sites , which kind of defeats the purpose of a firewall . this does n't happen a lot though , so it 's not annoying enough to get my dander up . all in all it 's been a far better investment than symantec products , so despite its limitations i would recommend this program . it does have a lot of options to set , but they are pretty easy to get through if you are computer literate . if you decide to go with this program and you currently have norton antivirus , you will need to uninstall norton before this program will run . if you were to ask me if i preferred symantec systemworks or zone alarm security suite , there would be absolutely no hesitation in recommending zone alarm . 
books pos 902.txt these mysteries are cozy and interesting and good ! ! ! they are perfect ! ! ! i could not ask for a better mystery ! ! ! not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy , but the clues , story line , and pacing are perfect ! this author definitely has talent ! ! ! the clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving . and the characters - you feel like you know them ! ! ! i love this small town and all the characters . not just the main characters , but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book . hannah opened up a cookie shop , with the encouragement of her sister , andrea . hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck . she is determined to find out why he was murdered . i also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather ! and i enjoyed the sisters ' relationship 
books neg 408.txt i was doing the new change series and felt something was n't right.found out on the internet it 's a cult all the way.this book is the mildest of all her teachings.let me tell you if you do n't do it her way you will not enter the kingdom of heaven.it 's all so subtle when you sit there week after week and watch the dvd 's it 's all about her and her son and so subtle remnant fellowship the only called out ones.you 'd better get in the arch or you are not the true followers of the lord.well gwen we are saved by grace through faith , it 's a gift from god , not of works so no one can boast ! that 's all she does is boast how sinless or tries to be sinless she is and her perfect remnant.i have been talking to several people that she has judge and judged hard and it makes me sick ! just look up on the internet type in gwen shamblin and you will judge for yourself what this weighdown teaching is all about.judge not least you be judge and why do you look at the speak in your brothers eye when all the time you have a log in your own eye ? i never heard anything about god 's grace it 's all twisted scripture.there 's fruit all right in these peoples lives well other cults have fruit too ! and the really overweight people if they are totally honest with you they starved themselves to get the rest of their weight off.just beware ! ! 
health pos 431.txt i did n't have any trouble with them being too large . i tested them in a battery-operated light string against a no-name , non-rechargeable brand and they lasted almost exactly the same amount of time . 
camera neg 620.txt i would agree with the other review . the indoor / low light quality of the video is unacceptable . i will be returning the camcorder today to purchase another 
health pos 565.txt casein is a great , long-lasting protein , perfect for right before bed as its aminos are release more slowly than whey . casein , in general , is bland ( think no fat , no salt , cottage cheese ) , and harder to mix than whey . optimum nutrition has here a decent casein , that is not too bad tasting and mixes better than most every other casein i 've tried . the price is ok , but i 'd like to see it cheaper ( who would n't ? ) . i mix it with whey and use it throughout the day . i have tried and rejected the chocolate flavor 
books pos 662.txt i have written a lengthier review of this work elsewhere . but i did want to say to potential readers that the peggy antrobus book is a brief and welcome introduction to the global women 's movement , that as such it fills a long-felt-want , and that it is to be recommended to those new to , unfamiliar with , or who feel they should be allied with , the women 's movement . it would - it will - make an excellent text for those doing women 's studies , as to those doing social movement studies , whether globally or more locally . summarising , antrobus shows the women 's movement as political , as recognising women 's relationship to social conditions , as processal , as posed against patriarchal privilege , as beginning where and when women recognise their separateness and even their alienation , marginalisation , isolation or abandonment within wider movements for social justice or transformation . one complaint , but which is much more widely spread than in this book alone . this is the avoidance of the word ` capitalism ' - even by feminists who are or were once socialists . capitalism does not even get an index reference in antrobus . capitalists , mostly after all male , white and patriarchal , call it capitalism , and are proud of it . so why cannot it not be so named by feminists , who could and surely should condemn it ? this cannot be solely because of their justified criticism of the archaic political-economic determinism of patriarchal socialists . so it has to be due to either a desire to be salonfhig ( acceptable in the salons within which they have been speaking , to the funders they are dependent upon ) , or a restriction of their utopia to a kinder , gentler global capitalism , a global neo-keynesian order - for which no convincing feminist case has been made . pity 
camera neg 616.txt i originally purchased the samsung duocam scd6040. it fortunately broke 1 week before the warranty ran out . the video began having giant pixilated squares when video taping and on playback . though under warranty , it still cost me $49 ( their fee ) to send in the camera for a repair . the repaired camera came back broken . i had to deal with many customer service people , but finally got them to agree mine was a " lemon " and they sent me the scd6550. now 10 months later , the video and playback on this duocam has broken . you see a black screen with yellow blocks on the lcd and through the viewfinder . i cannot video tape or playback anything on tape . it is not under warranty . i ca n't believe their cameras / duocams do n't last longer than one year . they must use cheap parts . please save yourself the headache and chose another brand . 
health pos 402.txt works great and with any mattress . due to severe neck injuries i can now sleep better at a slight incline . thanks ... 
dvd pos 47.txt this is a great movie that everyone should see . i 'm a conservative and so are all of my friends and they love this movie . we do n't see this movies as a " republicans are bad movie " thats dumb . this movie is just what a movie should be , funny and entertaining . we all love the songs because they are not only great , but true too 
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j 
camera neg 826.txt this is a poor excuse for a lens coming from canon . can only be used at a certain zoom or you will get a circular ring around the photo . please do not waste your money like i did 
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma 
software pos 485.txt i enjoy using encarta 2007 and can relie upon their information . i use it in conjunction with britannica 2007 to get the most well rounded information . i do prefer the interface and ease to britannica 2007 but the quality of information on britannica is always to be trusted . my advice you need to buy both 
music neg 530.txt as others have noted , this turns out to be only a handful of lullabyes in spanish sung by maria del rey , plus nursery rhymes spoken by children and men ( not very good for putting a baby to sleep ) , plus the whole thing repeated in english . in addition , i had been looking for traditional latin american pieces and apparently all of these are contemporary . do n't waste your money...i 'm planning on giving my copy away if i can figure out someone i know who could actually use it 
software pos 278.txt i tested numerous anti-virus programs after getting fed-up with previous norton anti-virus , which would always " hang " my incoming email , causing me to redownload larger files and sometimes make it impossible to retrieve them at all . ( incidentally , this had nothing to do with the " time-out " settings . ) after testing other top rated anti-virus programs , the only one that would n't " hang " large email files , was kaspersky . even though i have my " time-out " set to only 1 minute , kaspersky never stumbles and lets go , even if it takes much more than 1 minute to download . i also like the easy to use " pause protection " when i 'm doing file clean-ups , because there 's no sense passing temporary files through a second time , and it speeds the clean-up 5 times faster 
software neg 219.txt in the last year i have tried this program , pc-cillin & four sharewares from cnet , and f-za the only one that does n't cause more problems than it solves . the others prevent me from doing wireless printing , slowdown the computer & generate false alarms 
dvd neg 854.txt i used to have respect for bill maher . he used to actually inspire me when it came to being brave enough to argue my own opinions without making apologies ; but not anymore . my respect dissipated as his fairness was replaced by blinding hatred for gwb and religion . i watched " i 'm swiss " once and almost could n't refrain from vomiting . he talks about the usual suspects : the president , religion , obesity , same-sex marriage , rap , and few other things that " comedians " are good at joking about and liberals are good at preaching about . i know , i know , he 's not a liberal , he 's a libertarian . well , i have watched and listened to bill maher and i know which side he 's on most of the time , and it sure is n't on the right . he hates organized religion and traditional morality too much to be on the right much of the time . i do n't know why his panties are in such a bunch . being organized is better than being disorganized ( i can tell jokes too ) . i 'm not religious ; and i ca n't help but see much of it as hard to swallow , but i 'm not arrogant enough to call all of it just a bunch of fairytales created and believed by people with neurological disorders . i was n't there when the bible was written or when the events took place . i ca n't say it 's all fairtyales . i can only say some of it is n't logical . but , i respect religion and its purposes ; which is what separates me from him . he has no qualms about crushing the hope of people who believe in an afterlife or religion , which are both things that make life more bearable for them . the purpose of religion is to provide hope and solace and relief to people who are living in desperation . the same purpose of drugs i might add : something maher not only defends but abuses . why the double standard ? this is no longer the eleventh century where protestants are killing catholics . the only people k / illing in the name of religion are fanatical muslims , but most religious people are good , decent , nonviolent individuals . maher 's not an atheist , but he has recently expressed a " could be , could be not " attitude toward the existence of a g / od , which would make him agnostic . but one thing is for sure , atheism has more blood on its hands than religion does . two of our biggest mass murderers- -hitler and stalin- -were atheist . it 's a shame when non comedians are actually funnier than maher , who wears the comedian label but is too bitter to be a good one . most of the time , he can barely get the joke out without laughing at himself . i laughed twice during the entire show . no one has ever accused maher of being modest . he 's a smug , intellectual elitist . and those are his good qualities . " i 'm swiss " displays this all too clearly . in case you did n't know , " i 'm swiss " is a running joke of maher 's embarrassment of being an american . he 'd rather belong to a country where ethics are a substitution for , not an extension of , morality ; where any depraved activity that has no victim is not immoral at all ; where adultery is seen as cute , not sinful ; where there are no fat people ; where the only women who exist are the pretty ones he can sleep with or the ugly ones who agree with his opinions . thank god i live in america and not switzerland . 
health pos 681.txt the product is very good , do not misunderstand me although it is not as good as the same produt when we bought it ten years ago : the curls tend to stay put less time compared with the former hair curler tubes . but still , we strongly recommend them against heat activated tubes . it 's a good buy 
software pos 26.txt extremely helpful and superior graphics and choices to change your computers them 
health pos 584.txt my husband and i love this thermometer for our own use - let alone the grandkids ! it 's fast , easy , and reliable . highly recommend it 
camera pos 234.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
books neg 941.txt it 's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers . the book is very basic providing mostly very general information . the chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs . the book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both . certainly wo n't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by bicycling magazine 
music neg 129.txt robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin 's voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb 's famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : " i can do it all by myself " . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production 
music neg 385.txt i own this set , as does my roomate , and we both hate it . it highlights bands like ' red lorry , yellow lorry ' that no one likes or listens to , and uses great classic bands like bauhaus ' worst song as the first track . it is the hollow , tin-y , embarrassingly hokey side of goth , and i am ashamed to even have it in my house 
health pos 631.txt these paper towels are as good as any cheaper paper towels ; they are not cloth-like or super thick , but they are as good as any other paper towels you might find for the same price that are n't made of recycled materials . in short , they are cheap and better for the environment than non-recycled , chlorine-bleached products 
books neg 552.txt i have read 3 books of ann in last 3-4 months and no doubt loved it , but not sure if i am reading same info in different books with different titles from her . i guess i am not buying this title and anymore of her unless it has way different contents.. . 
dvd neg 606.txt i bought the dvd hoping to see one skit - - the funniest one my family had ever seen on snl . we had it recorded on vhs many many years ago and somehow lost it . but we would sit and laugh until we cried watching the skit where phil played the drill sargeant who came up with nicknames for his new recruits - - " smiling laughing joking around man " ... " man who reminds me of my doggie " ... " hair head ! " i thought for sure that the funniest skit in all of snl history would be on there , but no...it was just a 20 second clip . i was so disappointed ! ! and it was quite surprising to see some of the skits they chose to show in their entirety...they just were n't funny . on a positive note , there was a serious song and dance number at the very end of the dvd that was so sweet , it brought me to tears . and the bonus featuring phil 's audition was quite interesting . but overall , i do n't recommend it . 
books neg 669.txt boring , tasteless and unoriginal . photographer has an obvious fixation...which has kept him from paying attention in many cases to contrast , tone , and line . one star for the big you know what , the real model here . i 'm sure book has its merits , but they are n't artistic . putting my copy up for sale 
books neg 480.txt what is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book - - which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel - - is not that fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24. nope , the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced " the great gatsby " a mere five years later . " this side of paradise " is a mess : it is as uneven , affected , feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero , the tiresomely self-conscious young minnesotan-gone-to-princeton amory blaine . ( one suspects , in fact , that had fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as amory 's diary the result would have been considerably more readable - - or the book 's structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable , at least . ) that the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 - - it was to prove the most popular book , in terms of sales , ever produced by its author - - presumably speaks to the public 's recognition of something new and revealing in it . okay , amory blaine may well have been the original jazz age prototype ; and the drinking and shameless smooching ( etc. ) that he and his prep school and princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably , one can accept , a revelation to see in print ( and likely a titillating one ) for an american audience raised on mcguffy 's readers - - and ready for some sort of great departure after the great war . welp , here it comes : " on the triangle trip amory had come into constant contact with that great current american phenomenon , the ` petting party . ' none of the victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed . " to the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is , of course , very small beer . what was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now , in the best cases of the paradise narrative , as unalarming quaintness . while this is not exactly fitzgerald 's " fault " , so to speak , it is also true that the use of " shocking revelations " of this type - - scandals specific to a place and time - - represents a risk a writer takes : the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and / or universal in such episodes . in any event , the price the reader pays here , in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds amory 's adventures in quaintness during the nascent roaring twenties , is very , very high for payoffs of such modest proportions . i mean , come on : " for years afterward when amory thought of eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart . the night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds , he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore ; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it . eleanor was , say , the last time evil crept close to amory under the mask of beauty , the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes . " yikes . i do n't care what new generation you 're talking about , can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody ? ( can it represent anything to anybody ? ) there are things to like , even admire , here and there in paradise . fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark ( e.g. , " they slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered . " " sometimes i wish i 'd been an englishman ; american life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy . " " it 's better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes ; they do it so much better . " ) and the political incorrectness of some of the narrator 's observations is , in its now-curious way , refreshingly , bracingly funny : " slowly and inevitably , yet with a sudden surge at the last , while amory talked and dreamed [which is about all amory ever does-mht] , war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where princeton played . every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings . when amory went to washington the next weekend , he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the pullman car coming back , for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-greeks , he guessed , or russians . " nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there 's a war on , i always say . anyway , most of the novel consists of young amory 's elaborate ponderings - - romantic , philosophical and egotistical - - which are as forgivable as they are forgettable . i 've forgotten them already . at some level , in any case , fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character - - who was , of course , a not-very-disguised version of himself . for how else , if not as commendably self-deprecating irony , are we to take this observation ? " amory was in full stride , confident , nervous , and jubilant . scurrying back to minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do , so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him , and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours . " in the end , in any event , one comes back to the initial fitzgerald vs. fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder . in paradise almost nothing works : form , content , narrative stance , dialogue , character development , pacing - - you name it , it 's a problem . yet in gatsby , five years later , everything works - - everything . if there is to be a great american novel , it will have to supplant gatsby for the honor . while it is hard to see how fitzgerald got from point a to point b , the fact is that he did - - and without point a the journey could not have begun . so while " this side of paradise " hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon , it surely deserves our respect , and indeed our gratitude , for what it led to . 
software pos 875.txt i have been using the family tree maker products for a number of years . i love its ease in the ability to add new people into the genealogy charts . i am a little disappointed in the change that moved the screen away from looking like a tabbed folder . i feel that the old style was a lot more user friendly , both visually and functionally 
software neg 791.txt i bought this program because i wanted to use it on the pocket pc ( dell axim x50v ) . the program is very confusing to use . it took some time to load on the ppc first , then you have to load the maps . i tried to load the map of the whole state and it was n't working . the map would come up and the gps reciever would pick up where i was , but when i would write an address of a street that exists , it would say " search done , no match found . " i called the delorme support many times , they helped me go through the application , but i feel that this application wont give me directions that i want off of the ppc . i should have bought the iguidance . one of my friends has this application and it is awesome . he loaded 3 states all at once and it gives you directions very easily . there are many points of interest . i particularly like the screen that shows you all the streets in a 3d fashion . it is easy to use . " do n't make the mistake that i made , buy the iguidance or tomtom software . " 
books pos 8.txt the best book on the history of world war ii that i 've read in a long time . the title has three meanings : 1. it can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber . the brits called these people ' rear gunners . ' the yanks used the term ' tail gunner . ' it 's the most dangerous position in the plane . 2. the last plane in the formation . this was more true in the american combat box than in british usage . this position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation . it is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there are n't so many guns pointing that direction . 3. it can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war . this splendid book covers all three of these meanings . in addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of germany 
software neg 779.txt i just input all the information for my return and this software has me owing over $8000. by my calculations i 'm owed a refund of $150-200. it is not taking federal income tax already paid from annuities into account . back to the calculator for me 
dvd neg 224.txt i rented this movie for about six dollars and i have to say even that was a waste of money . i thought this movie was incredibly over acted , boring and hard on the eyes . the thing that annoyed me the most was the monologues that each of the main characters did . they were exaggerated and reminded me of the kind of acting you would find in a infomercial . for the superficial people out there i would n't watch this movie hoping for eye candy because you wo n't get it . when i found out that the two women starring actually wrote and directed the film it finally made sense why the acting was so horrible . i have no idea why this movie has any stars at all it was horrible and that would be considered a compliment 
dvd pos 935.txt this dvd is a great complement to the dvd 's offered by vce ( trinity and beyond , nukes in space , etc ) . by itself , it is a highly technical look at the process of testing materials , military equipment , and building materials during three atomic test series covered on the dvd set . the quality of the film varies between the three discs . the last civil defense video on disc 2 suffers a lot of audio warble , unfortunately . but , it is nice to see these important historical documents preserved in a digital format . i 've owned trinity and beyond for several years , and i really enjoy the way it is presented . but , it has to cover so many tests in a short amount of time that it skims over a lot of information about testing procedures , etc. you begin to get the impression that the military was doing these tests for their own amusement . after watching this dvd , i have a much better understanding of the entire process . it 's easy to see why the military was eager to do so many tests in the early days of the atomic weapons program . the science of the atomic bomb was a moving target , and this dvd outlines the research they made . though i would never like to see anyone use atomic weapons ever again , their sheer power is fascinating , beautiful , and frightening at the same time . if you are interested in the science of atomic testing , you should really take a look at this set 
health neg 975.txt after reading several comments i tried to proof my scale is working properly . however , like someone else wrote the scale is not consistant . i weight myself several times and noticed very considerable diferrences in readings . like some one else i even tried placing an additional amount of weight in my hands . the scale gave me several readings for the same amount of weight . now ! a digital scale is supposed to be percise. . 
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg 
camera pos 389.txt for the price paid , this is a great camera . should last me for a long time . debated buying a slr , but this seems to have all the features of an expensive slr ( actually it is a slr , just no interchangable lenses ) and a lot easier to use 
music neg 221.txt this cd is 100% pure junk ! the cd is sung by kids ! they have high-pitched voices that are n't even good enough to win the school talent show . the other singers are adults who have voices that are n't anything impressive , either . if the songs were sung by the original singer it would of been better . stop this s****y music ! 
camera pos 328.txt up front : if you 're considering this lens , stop considering - and buy it . i had occasion to try the tamaron zoom in this range and noticed plastic-y digital qualities in some of the tamaron 's highlighted-texture areas . none of that is a problem with this canon beauty . i am using it as my normal lens . the contrast is razor-sharp enough to shave with . it 's graphic in monochrome and colors are pure and leap off the monitor like a politician attracted by a tv camera . it 's also light weight and plenty fast enough with practically no spherical abs... . tiny problems include an understandable perspective bulging on subjects about the edges . and there is some blue fringing on very high contrast edges . photoshop nails the latter dead'er than britney spears ' career . i 've had a need for reasonably large blow-ups , with most captures cropped , yet still enlarged up to prints that are minimally 13x20. at that size not only does this lens reproduce a subject 's pores , but you can peer down and see the stuff inside the craters . 
books neg 708.txt ...if you 're in the bathroom with time on your hands ! i must admit that i did finish this book and was glad that the ordeal was over . puzo ( like leon uris ) definitely lost the touch near the end of his career and this book is no exception . in just a few hundred pages , president kennedy ii is shown as a tyrant , a socialist , a reactionary , a humanitarian , a political bumbler , a visionary of usa utopia , a man who would kill a few thousand citizens to save himself from impeachment , a liar who can beat the ultimate lie detector , a dear and loving husband / father , etc....how many characters must one man be ? and what 's this odd sub-plot of a former-mormon / hollywood oddball who on a whim ( in less than 10 seconds of consideration when the opportunity presents itself ) decides to kill the president of the united states . once again another character with fourteen different personalities ! . puzo even got his basic facts wrong about the mormons ( he should have stuck with the catholic church ) . i would hate to be washed up on a deserted island and find this book washed up on the shore next to me ! i would go crazy reading it again 
camera neg 778.txt it was suggested by amazon.com that i buy this product since i was purchasing a canon powershot s2is digital camera . not knowing any better , i bought it . it does n't even work with this model camera . i bought a memory card reader instead at a local store & bypassed the need for an adapter altogether 
dvd neg 439.txt not a good copy of this great movie . i 'd wait and buy the & quot ; restored authorized edition . &quot ; even though i bought this version , i 've ordered the other . that 's how much i like metropolis is general 
books pos 809.txt i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : " the luncheon of the boating party " ( 1881 ) , " the swing " ( 1876 ) and " le moulin de la galette " ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his " on the terrace " ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or " two girls in black " ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in " city dance " or commoners as in " dance at bougival " both from 1883. at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : " seated bather " ( 1914 ) and " the nymphs " ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre . 
software neg 17.txt i rarely write reviews but i decided to write this since i had this urge to let everyone know that this product is just plain bad . the review by " reviewer : rc lansing mich " has listed all of my frustrations and i will not go over them again . but the rating of 4 stars that he has given does not agree with what you will read in his review . the summary of this product is that it is " highly unusable " . you will be tired of using this on your first trip that you will not feel like every using it again . yes , you can " manage " you way with this product . however it is not worth your time and money . and last point that struck a nerve with me about the ols maps database ... the company came out with a plan where customers can send them updated maps , based on locations they have travelled , not covered by the original map database ... come on ! 
health neg 932.txt please careful about this grooming kit . i bought one week before and when i turn on first time it did not work and plug the power it did not work . this product just missed the simple logic when i connected to power adapter why should it has to use battery power to work instead it should directly work with power adapter regardless of battery charged or not . this lag of simple feature make me wait for 2 hours to charge before i use it at that time my kid started to cry as i try to trim his hair . also this can not be used for continuous use , if you use for small trimming then you have to wait for the battery to charge 
books pos 832.txt from lenny sands ' " hush-hush " dirt-digging memo : " bing crosby 's drying out at a catholic church retreat for alcoholic priests and nuns outside 29 palms . cardinal spellman visited him there . they went on a bender and drove to l.a. blotto . spellman sideswiped a car filled with wetbacks and sent 3 of them to the hospital . bing bought them off with autographed pictures and a few hundred dollars . spellman flew back to new york with the dt's . bing stayed in l.a. long enough to beat up his wife and then went back to the dry-out farm . 
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars . 
health neg 248.txt this scale does not weigh correctly . your results depend upon exactly where you are standing on the scale when you are weighing in . i counted 6 different results within 5 minutes the last time i used it . this is one of the least accurate scales i 've ever used . spend the extra money to get a higher quality non-digital scale 
dvd pos 685.txt i have now seen about twenty asian horror films , and this series definitely ranks among the best . i have written more extensive reviews under the individual titles , but suffice it to say that these movies make audition look like a disney romance . bleak , bizarre , and ultra violent , yet surprisingly stylish and intelligent . this film maker has something to say , and will beat you senseless to make his point . in short , if you want to see ringu #25 , stay away from this one . if you feel a bit more adventurous , i highly recommend this series 
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book . 
health pos 733.txt these are hands down , the most awesome pillows , we have ever owned . they were originally suggested by a chiropractor at $60 per pillow , however at the time , a " water bed pillow " for $60 just sounded silly . what brought me back around to these pillows , was the year-long search that my wife and i had been on for the perfect pillows . one of her beloved cats managed to destroy our previous and quite comfortable pillows , which subsequently caused us to get caught up in the frustrating search for the perfect pillow . we spent a year , buying this pillow and that pillow , all to no avail . then one day i rolled the dice , and bought a pair of these pillows with the covers . the covers actually make the dish . these are the most comfortable pillows that i have ever slept on in my 42 years on this planet ! ! ! these pillows rate 10 stars ! ! ! just follow the directions and enjoy the best nights sleep you have ever had . i do not work for , nor own this company , although after using their product i wish i did ! ! ! our pillows are about three months old so far , and holding up exceptionally well . they recommend you change the water every six months or so , depending on what type of water you put in . the pillow is about half to three quarters cushion , with the water being the bottom layer . they seal tight and do not leak . there is no audible sound from the water in the pillow , as if you follow the directions , they will instruct you on how to expel excess air . these pillows and of those black & decker scissors , have to be my two best finds for 2006 ! ! 
camera neg 660.txt if you want to load directly from your camera 's memory card the system takes forever to copy photos to the internal card . there is no " copy all " function . loading information from a computer did n't work . the usb connection was not recognized by windows xp and i could n't find any drivers on the web . a setup cd would be a nice addition . btw the screen was not as large as one might think . it is very wide but not tall and it crops the top & bottom of most pictures making it great for shots of the grand canyon but not for portraits of people 
music neg 874.txt la grange is probably at the top of most zz top fans lists , and rightly so as it is superb , but the version contained on this collection is the one where they did some weird digital reverb stuff to the drum track , which completely destroyed the roadhouse vibe of the original recording . it is so awful that i do n't know how anybody can listen to it . thankfully they got smart and went back to the original for rancho texicano . clueless classic rock stations are still playing the version contained here , dummies . also , waitin ' on the bus / jesus just left chicago are two absolutely essential tracks that are inexplicably missing here 
camera pos 832.txt i purchased an off brand to use with my fxf-10 when this case was on back order . it was terrrible , so i ordered this case and am thoroughly pleased . the camera fits perfectly into the case and , although it is described as a " soft case , " it is durable and will protect your camera with style without adding additional bulk 
books pos 799.txt the previous review is clear about the value of this translation . knowing a bit of german , i can say that this translation does use shapes instead of forms for gestalten . the real value of the work beyond the translation , however , especially for first time readers , is found in the notes made by david luke . these notes are helpful for the historical context , allusions to goethe 's personal life and work , and allusions to philosophy , literature , and more ... all essential to understanding the work 
books neg 470.txt i personally do not see how this book could have won a newbery medal . while the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively , that is about the only positive aspect of this book . the fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable . sara 's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes . her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family . sara 's twin sister gets all the attention and love , leaving sara starving for parental care . finally , christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental . this book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and i would not recommend it to anyone . i wasted my time with this book : please do n't waste yours . 
health neg 801.txt the massager is top heavy and very heavy and will not stay on your hand . you will go nuts trying to keep the straps / massager secure on your hand 
software neg 743.txt i bought this product to assist in recovery , but i tried to recover a program and it would not work . does real well on a complete recovery but do not expect a partial . works well on recovery of my stuff 
music neg 451.txt eric reed is a monster pianist . under the right circumstances , he could record a christmas album that would become an instant classic . this , however , is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself . reed produced and arranged this album himself . probably if he had hired an objective producer , that producer would have told him to hire an arranger . reed 's arrangements are second-rate . his version of " santa claus is coming to town " has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend : reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song . it 's an admirable goal , but he does n't have what it takes ; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork , and swordfish crumbled over salad . it just does n't work . i hope this is n't the last christmas album from eric reed . he 's one of the truly original voices of his generation ; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues , there 's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival " a charlie brown christmas . " but this is n't it . he needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano 
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill . 
books pos 74.txt this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern 
dvd pos 538.txt this disk collects the two tales from the crypt movies on one side of a single disk . for some reason the menu has the second movie listed first . in the first movie , billy zane is excellent as a demon looking for a final key so that the demons can retake the universe . this is the story of his battle with the current demon knight , the protector of the key . wonderfully crafted and dark . the second movie , bordello of blood , is a more tongue-in-cheek t&a-fest and lacks the dark seriousness of the first . lilith , the queen of all vampires , has been awakened . she can be controlled by a key ( the one from the first movie ) . she has set up a bordello to lure victims to her hunger . dennis miller is his wise-cracking self as he portrays a down-and-out private investigator looking for a missing person . it is nice not to have to flip the disk over or insert a new disk but there is no room for real extras ( we do get the original trailers ) . seeing the two films together really showcases the extreme difference between the two . the first is dark , well-written and well-acted . the second is gratuitous , crass and just not quite as good ( although it is fun in its own way ) . now they are together at a reasonable price . 
dvd pos 558.txt love this movie ! ca n't decide which version i like better - this one or the one with grace kelly and bing crosby ! both are great 
health pos 996.txt after brushing with the hydrabrush , my teeth feel as clean as when i 've been to the dental hygenist . this is a great product . i am so glad that replacement brushes are available at amazon 
books neg 695.txt i started reading this book hoping for the best . in turn , i found that my hopes were n't fulfilled . the beginning half was intriguing and kept me wanting more . after the tone changed , the book became bitter and boring . the characters lost their flare , and the whole book lost personality . the book became dull and lost appeal to me . the book 's writing style , in the beginning , was original and fun . following the death of little red the book slowly fell apart , leaving me tempted to stop reading the book . if someone asked me to recommend a good book , this would not be the one 
dvd neg 923.txt i found this to be a absurd movie . it just has alot of things in it that are just too far-fetched , and the plot itself was n't a strong one at that . to me it just seemed that it was trying to be a slapstick pirate movie , and it just did n't work . it tried to be a movie that all the family could watch , and it did n't work . it tried to be a disaster movie , and it did n't work . it tried to be a drama , and again it did n't work . i got a few chuckles out of it , it held my interest for maybe the 45 minutes to an hour that i watched it , but it was just sloppy , and uneven , and the best thing was watching most of the pirates in drag at the beginning . 
health pos 979.txt today is 3-19-07. this item is labeled as being purchased on 3-21-07. will i purchase another order on that date 
books pos 878.txt i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance 
health pos 900.txt i used aveeno moisturizer and thought i would try something new . i have eczema on my face ( around my eyes , nose and mouth ) in the winter and have no signs of it after a few days . my skin is very sensitive , and have experienced burning with other products , but not this one . i sinks in quickly and is not greasy feeling or heavy , yet strong enough to tackle dry skin . i highly recommend it 
health pos 258.txt i purchased this for my husband as a gift without ever having smelled it . i based my purchase on other reviews , and the fact that i have the burberry classic for women and love it . i crossed my fingers and hoped that the reviews were right . well , they were ! when this came in i could not resist ; i had to open the box . i pulled the outer wrapping back , carefully pulled the box out ( i was able to replace all this without hubby knowing ) , sprayed some into the air , and " ahhhh " , wonderful ! i loved it ! it smells wonderful on my husband , too . it 's kind of woodsy , but not overpowering at all . it 's a classic , warm fragrance , and it lasts a long time . i will definitely buy this again 
camera pos 174.txt i wish there was also a photo that showed the backside of this camera case . if there was i would have known that this excellent quality case unfortunately does not have a belt loop which is what i was looking for in this product . great quality nevertheless 
music neg 293.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
dvd neg 704.txt this production is misleadingly named . far from being a biography of grand duchess anastasia , it is really the story of how the deaths of her family at the hands of russian revolutionaries in 1918 spawned one of the 20th century 's enduring mysteries - - a mystery which was given a unique lease on life when , among the myriad male and female claimants to be survivors of the imperial family , one woman began to pick up supporters in the 1920 's among at least some people who had had contact with the original family . i do not fault this production for failing to be a real biography . after all , how much of a biography can one write on a 17-year-old girl whose life was largely one of sheltered privilege ? however , i do fault this production for being a badly-flawed recounting of history . and i am not talking about the interminable debate that still rages in the arcane world of romanov history buffs about whether anna anderson was really anastasia . this work 's take on the life of anastasia paints a very tilted picture both of the world of the romanovs , their support among their subjects , and their reputation among today 's russians . first , life in the inner sanctum of nicholas 's family was not the halcyon existence this production claims . certainly the family had great wealth and huge staff at its disposal . but neither nicholas nor alexandra were well-suited to their roles , and they lived under the strain of it . they were increasingly isolated from the extended romanov clan , who shared the dawning awareness of the russian people that the monarchy was in serious trouble . while these forces might not have touched anastasia directly , she was certainly touched by her brother 's hemophilia and her mother 's response of sinking into frail health , chronic emotional distress , and a religious mysticism that almost bordered on hysteria at times . secondly , this film 's portrayal of the counter-revolutionary white army as determined to save their beloved tsar from captivity is just plain wrong . while the whites wanted to unseat the bolshevik revolution , there was virtually no support for a romanov restoration among the leadership of the white army . nor are there any known attempts by the counter-revolutionary forces to rescue their former imperial family . in fact , one senior white military leader once remarked , " having seen the monarchy at close quarters , i have no desire to see its return . " and thirdly , while there is a gradual rehabilitation of the last romanov 's reputation underway in russia today , the notion that the murdered romanovs are saints is not nearly the widespread sentiment that this production claims . in fact , the great masses of modern russians are far more interested in making their new democracy work than in figuring out how to get the sainted romanovs back on a throne . i do not know whether these flaws arise from some agenda to rehabilitate the romanovs , whether they arise from sloppy research that relied too much on the fawning pseudo-history that plagues serious study of the russian monarchy 's fading years , or whether this production did not have access to newly-opened archives . but - - whatever the reason ( s ) - - it does a disservice to the study of history by claiming to be history when it is , in fact , closer to a grocery-store romance novel 
books neg 423.txt i think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies : " i was born in israel ( palestine then ) to a well-known jewish religious family . we are living in israel for many generations ; well before the zionists infiltrated the middle east . jews and moslems always lived in peace in palestine until the zionists came from europe , massacred the palestinians ( dir yassin , etc. ) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations . studying in a jewish religious school in tel aviv , i was taught that the ' bad arabs ' conducted pogroms all over palestine killing jews . my family told me the opposite : we lived in palestine in peace for generations with our moslem brothers . when the zionists started their pogroms ( dir yassin ) , the moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms , killing jews . however , our moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives . " http : / / www.rense.com / general54 / thank.htm you can make your search with many of the anti-zionism jewish organization all over the world . 
camera pos 218.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one . 
health neg 830.txt if you 're interested in the chrome model to match your stainless steel appliances be prepared to constantly polish it due to the water spots . my friend owns one and at first i was envious , but now i rather be less fashionable than freak out over the visible water spots . this model has the same shape as the riviera and as i stated in my other review althought it is ergonomic , the riviera collects algae on the bottom of the pitcher so i would be skeptical in buying this one . the only reason i gave it two stars because it ultimately looks cool but you ca n't avoid the water spots and it may be algae friendly . 
software neg 98.txt i 've worked with pinnacle studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4. , 10.0 , and this one . and they 've all had two things in common : 1. when the program works , it 's superb . 2. the other 50% of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard . for years , pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing / authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . studio plus v10.5 is no exception . lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . at last , others have emulated the pinnacle platform while eliminating the work / creativity-killing bugs . my advice ? shop around . google the competition . but save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything pinnacle 
music neg 879.txt this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art 
health pos 218.txt i have dry , course hair that certainly gets even drier in the colorado climate . i have used this product on and off for 10 years and just love the way it defines and adds shine to my hair . i can see if you had fine hair that this product would not be a good thing ! i always have to remember that it 's the anti-humectant that i like , not the humectant . the humectant version does nothing for my hair and i have purchased it on occasion by mistake . this stuff smells great too ! makes styling a snap 
dvd neg 970.txt better than submerged , but that 's not saying much . my wife and i have seen almost all of stevies movies and , next to the foreigner and submerged , this movie ranks up there in the horrid category . what is up with the voice dubbed over when stevie was mumbling . we kept trying to guess whose voice that was ( burgess meredith , the guy who played the other terminator on t2 , etc. ) . that was the only thing that kept us from turning it off 30 minutes into the film . i ca n't see why blockbuster dedicated two rows for this tripe ; maybe there are more of us die-hard ss fans than i realized . even so , save your money - -- -do not buy / rent / steal / vie 
books pos 159.txt this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it 
music pos 366.txt of course , no jazz musician can pack the energetic wallop that dizzy could . his trumpet can only be described as hot , and hearing his music makes you think of people dancing their legs off with garbage cans burning all around and smoke in the air . this man 's music has life in it . unfortunately , the real energy to dizzy is in his latin jazz work , and a more complete compilation of that style would be the compact jazz series . ken burns ' collection here is more versatile , but just not as lively as dizzy 's music can be . proceed with caution 
health pos 783.txt i bought this obus forme king sized pillow because i thought it might stop my snoring . i must admit to being surprised that the pillow actually did minimize my night time rattling if not eliminate it completely . there have been reviews that mentioned the pillow had a strange odor at first . i found that it did give off a smell similar to that of a new carpet or some plastics , but that disappeared in just a few days and was never offensive . my wife wanted to try my pillow and liked it so much she kept it . i have just ordered a second pillow . 
health neg 702.txt i ordered this item for my husband and i was extremely disappointed . it is poorly made and basically is not worth the money . i do not recommend it at all 
health pos 591.txt this protein is unbelievable . i have tried *many* different brands / varieties and this is without a doubt one of the best out there . it does n't have the characteristic nausiating whey smell or taste , it 's not too sweet , mixes lump-free in cold or piping hot water and packs a punch with 23g of easily digestable protein per scoop . once you try it , this stuff will definitely become a staple in your pantry . 
books neg 295.txt no one alive today cares that ny had fires in 1741 ( unlike the chicago fire of 1871 ) . why did author lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident . is she trying to create trouble ? be a traitor to her own race ? book is well researched i guess but the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up ! totally unnecessary ! 
music neg 539.txt i do n't know who these people are , but they will give praise for anything ! ms. london is a wonderful singer , but the producers must have given her sleeping pills . this is a boring cd ! like peggi blu , who won star search , her record company " toned her down " for her debut album , with banal and boring songs with that stupid hip / hop " dum de dum " mary j . blige beat , which will send you to nowheresville . aretha franklin 's boring so damn happy was so awful , it 's no longer available . she went " mary j . " and almost lost the crown off her head . because she 's aretha franklin ( queen of soul ) she did manage ( somehow ) to get a non-deserved grammy for " wonderful " from that cd . the grammys also presented the queen with her 17th competitive grammy for her " a house is not a home " mess . what must they be thinking ? well , latoya london wo n't be considered for anything for this hip / hop mess . she should get serious about some r & b ( i mean the real r & b ) and leave this light-weight fluff alone . latoya , you have a great voice - - use it . contact sam dees , jo armstead or ashford & simpson and beg for some material ! and , as madame rose would say , " sing out , louise ! ! ! 
software pos 743.txt i had the same problem with works suite 2002 that i had with 2006. the product key that came with the discs would not install microsoft word ; the message " invalid product key " came up . after a computer problem , i reformatted the drive and did a reinstall from the original works 2002 discs . the invalid key message showed up when i tried to install word 2002. after arguing with microsoft people for three weeks i bought the new works suite 2006. after running all the discs to a clean hard drive , everything worked except , again , the invalid key message came up and would n't activate word . highly irritating . i got it going by to microsoft works , programs , clicked word document , got an " activate product " and got word installed and running . this seems to be a dumb glitch in the software 
camera neg 191.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses . 
dvd neg 963.txt with the new year just more than six hours away , i must tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid the flick " darkwolf " for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dog stan...and even then , i give him the benefit of the doubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film that contained people that irritated you so much , you simply did n't give a ^ &^%* if they got blown away ? i was hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolf less that 30 minutes into this loser . go " darkwolf " . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly as possible...and do n't wait until the next full moon . " darkwolf " is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as " the wolf man " , " wolfen " and " the howling " , not to mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic " an american werewolf in london " . need i say more ? " darkwolf " has no bite . it 's claws and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the box claims this flick to be " half man . half wolf . pure evil . " in reality it is half / whole stupid . half / whole worthless . ...and...pure ^% &* ! get my drift ? at midnight...as we turn another page and the new year unfolds...i promise you you will enjoy reruns of every episode of " mary hartman , mary hartman " , much more than " darkwolf " . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick before dawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. before midnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care " where " the " wolf " came from , or where the werewolf was going . pitiful...embarrassing.. . " i 've seen the bad moon rising " but this one makes me wish it would set ! 
health neg 201.txt this water jet has a button on the handle just like the waterpic . you push it to temporarily stop the flow of water . here 's a warning : it can take a lot of finger pressure to stop the flow of water especially if you have adjusted the dial for a hard flow . if you lack ordinary strength in your fingers stay away from this machine . i do n't have a finger strength problem yet several times i 've squirted water all over the bathroom because somehow i had n't pushed hard enough on the stop button . i had purchased a waterpik , but had trouble with it leaking , and so purchased this conair . the waterpik is a much better quality product . the conair seems to be very cheaply made , and i am not very happy with it . i am going back to using my waterpik even though it occasionally springs a leak . 
software pos 74.txt this program does exactly as i expect . i am very pleased 
health neg 425.txt it 's a gimmick . looks good on tv , does n't do what it says . i 'm embarassed to admit i even tried it 
health pos 373.txt this is a pretty good flavor . it is n't my all time favorite ( apricot ) but way up there 
health pos 344.txt this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us 
health pos 461.txt i bought this straightener at the advice of my hairdresser ( well , the pink one was my idea ) and this is by far the best product i 've ever used . i even took a long run yesterday and my hair still looks great - and it 's usually a nappy , tangled mess after i work out . there really is nothing better than the chi for straight , silky hair . i 've used it on a couple friends and they swore to go out and buy it . it 's worth the price 
health pos 145.txt always saw them at the mall and wanted one , it was nice to be able to get it on here and not have to search , works great ! feels wonderful ! ! ! especially when you get that headache ! ! ! , also doubles as a contemporary hat ! ! haha , love it 
camera neg 741.txt did not get kodak max , instead recieved regular kodak crv3 battery . i thought i was ordering a better version , seller needs to change misleading picture ! 
dvd neg 284.txt i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all 
health neg 222.txt i received this tweezer for christmas , so i 'm glad i did n't spend anything for it because it 's not even worth 50 cents . the tweezer portion does not grip on to any hairs . it 's a piece of crap as far as i 'm concerned . do not bother purchasing this product , if you do , you 'll regret it 
camera pos 694.txt this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to . 
health pos 312.txt after total knee replacement , this wedge sure helped to keep my knee in one place and elevated , while preventing me from moving too much while i slept or was resting . highly recommended 
dvd neg 481.txt the basic pilates mat exercises are performed , which are okay ; however , the cardio segment of this video is truly lame ! the instructor runs the viewer through marching , marching and stretching one 's arm at the same time and , finally , marching and kicking back one 's leg . that 's it . how incredibly dull ! what 's worse , the instructor has a terribly artificial clenched-tooth smile plastered to her face for the duration . " pilates for dummies " is a far better instructional video for newcomers to the world of pilates ( do a series of jumping jacks or go for a run afterwards to get in your cardio ) . i would n't waste your time w / this video . 
camera neg 39.txt amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide . 
health neg 873.txt i made my order 5 / 26 / 06 and received my order 7 / 22 / 0 
health pos 673.txt saw this product , or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in cairns , australia . it was selling for about $70 australia dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to us$. i came back to u.s. and found it on amazon for $15.99 , with free ship if i purchased $30. so , i bought two......one for myself , one for my husband ! it is wonderful ! we wear contacts for distance , so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks , less the neckchains , which always used to get tangled . it 's an ingenius invention 
software neg 915.txt i have to agree with all these reviews already posted . i was getting error messages for intuit stating that i would not be able to download stock quotes after a certain date , so i ordered a new copy of quicken for $50 thinking it would be an upgrade . to my amazement , it is exactly the same as quicken 04 , no real developments . i feel very cheated by intuit . if 04 was only going to be good for a couple of years , they should have disclosed the fact in the first place . if they are going to squeeze money out of loyal customers , i would at least expect and improved product . they are making a real mistake here , as their credibility is now zip . i have been buying turbotax every year , and have been a loyal quicken user for many years , but now i think i will look for something else . 
camera pos 429.txt this camera does everything it says ; yes , it 's waterproof and i was very uneasy taking a digital camera into the water for the first time ! ! only reason i did n't give it 5 stars : it is as slow as every other digital camera i 've owned as far as focusing , multiple flashes , and then actually shooting . you get your subject 's attention and they smile , frozen , as you hold down the shutter release for a good 3 seconds until the shot is taken ( in low light . ) i was especially intrigued by its " bright capture " technology , but it honestly does n't seem any different in low light than my old sony u20 2mp tiny little snapshot camera . still that same flash-in-the-dark look . there is a fill-flash low light program mode ( among many many others ) , but the shutter speed sets itself so slow the background becomes a messy worthless blob , even if you hold your breath and try to remain still . my ideal snapshot camera is portable , durable , quick , easy , and produces excellent results without having to think about your exposure modes . this camera has 3.5 out of those 5. it is way portable , very durable , easy , produces ok results but you have to mess with settings if you 're not in daylight , and it 's not very quick . overall i am very happy with the purchase and will carry it everywhere 
dvd pos 647.txt this is a wonderful show and very true to the band 's recent live performances , albeit with a condensed songlist . i give it only 4 stars because i had the pleasure of seeing mr. winwood and band live and the sound stage gig seems just a tad below that experience- -which is admittedly an unfair comparison . nothing to knock about this tidy show by a true virtuoso ( actually a band of virtuosos ) . consider it 4.5. 
camera pos 98.txt i have owned this camera for about two months now and have taken about 100 photographs ( keepers ) to date . because i have been involved in photography for almost 35 years , i have developed certain prejudices . in particular , i have never been comfortable with auto exposure and even less comfortable with auto focus . in fact , the last auto focus camera i owned was a nikon n8008s that i ultimately sold at auction because i could not adapt to using the various auto settings . however , i like this camera . why ? the d70s is a very easy camera to use and i have only had to refer to the manual to check on a couple of settings and look up some features . honestly , set up takes only a few minutes and handling is not terribly different from a film camera . i should point out that this camera is really designed for auto focus lenses and if you choose to use your manual focus lot , you will disable many of the camera 's features . because i am both stubborn and cheap ( but mostly only when it comes to spending money on myself ) i am using my manual focus lenses on this camera . it is true that i do not get any internal exposure meter readings and must rely on a handheld gossen or the sunny 16 rule ( quite effective , really ) for exposure determination . the lcd preview screen thus is critical for determining or adjusting exposure . i should also point out that the depth of field preview feature is also lost when using manual focus lenses . i was stunned when i could not stop my lens down and burrowed through the manual to find out what i was doing wrong- -which was nothing except that i was using the wrong type of lens . while i really miss this feature , i am not sure how big a loss it really is because of the viewfinder . others have made mention of the low magnification and tunnel like views through the finder and i can attest to this fact . i compared finder views to my trusty old fm and was just stunned by how poorly the d70 compared . ultimately the best camera is the camera you use and the d70 has become my camera of choice . even though i am using this camera like a vintage m series leica- -i.e . , handheld meter and presetting exposure in anticipation of a photograph- -i find that i can live with this level of usability . at some point i will probably buy an auto focus lens ( maybe the 35 f2 ) and make full use of the feature set . but for now i content on using the camera the old fashioned way 
health neg 308.txt i think the shaver works well , but the plastic is thin and cheap . the biggest complaint is that there is no carring case for the razor , cleaning brush and charger . i think the cost should of been higher if that is what it takes to provide a case 
software neg 796.txt do not buy anything from this company unless you will be able to return it within 20-30 days of the shipping date . ( the receipt says 20 days but the web site says 30 days . ) you do n't have much time to return an item , and the company does not give any leeway for christmas orders . i am stuck with the item my son did not want for his dorm room , and i ca n't exchange it for another item because he did n't like any of their products . 
health pos 633.txt if you wonder why you 're feeling lethargic or if you have one of those little abdominal paunches you thought was just advancing age , then you might need probiotic therapy . you might even need it if your resistance to colds is low ! because we live much " cleaner " lives than our ancestors did , sterilizing our dishes , putting our food in the fridge , and spraying pesticides on everything , we live our lives virtually bacteria-free . free of the good bacteria , that is . the baddies seem to still get us , and without the good ones to balance them out , we 're in trouble . a lack of friendly bacteria in your intestines can cause problems throughout your body . to put it in " nice " terms , it 's a little like having backed up plumbing inside you , and the world just ai n't gonna be right until you fix it . i started on probiotic therapy several months ago , and i was amazed at the following things that happened almost immediately : *that little stomach paunch went away . i kid you not . talk about an instant self-esteem booster . *my chronic [men , cover your ears] yeast infections decreased dramatically ( even without my eliminating wheat from my diet , which i know i ought to do ) . *i had more energy and felt more like the me of years ago . *i became more resistant to colds than i used to be . if you 're considering supplementing your diet with probiotics , you should know that not all of them are created equal . in fact , testing done by www.consumerlab.com indicates that the vast majority of probiotic supplements do n't deliver the number of live organisms they claim - - not even close ! those little creatures are very delicate , and things like processing , shipping , and sitting on your shelf can kill them . and let 's not even talk about what your stomach acid does to them . primal defense is one of the few supplements that delivers the amount of probiotics it claims to . ( i can tell from its effects on me . ) in addition , it contains lots of good-for-you green foods that also help build that all-important inner strength . one very important caveat about primal defense , though : because it 's so effective , do n't even think about starting out taking 3 tablets a day ! not unless you do n't mind a lot of abdominal discomfort and are able to spend several days all by yourself at home . i took one a day for about 2 months , and then i finally felt ready to move up to 2. it 'll be at least another month before i 'm up to the recommended 3. one more thing : drink lots of water . you need it anyway , and primal defense works best when you 're well hydrated 
dvd pos 15.txt i was one of those that never got a chance to sit down during the live broadcast to watch live 8 and certainly regretted that . however , i was fortunate enough to find this copy at amazon and it 's been everything i had expected and more . i 'm a huge pink floyd fan and their performance alone was worth the price of the box set not to mention all of the other fantastic performances . i would highly recommend this box set to any music fan from any generation- -truly a " must have " for anyone 's collection ! 
software neg 642.txt i 've been using a win 98 version of this software for years and the opportunity to upgrade to the xp version was tempting . however , it does not work at all in my portuguese xp . after searching for the misterious error code through the manufacturer 's database i was informed that it does not work in non-english win xp . all the previous versions worked fine in my pcs but this one was totally disappointing . living in brazil , i had to give up my money since the shipping costs were about the same value i would recover . shame on them 
software neg 142.txt i am an experienced computer user , and i bought this primarily on my previous experince with symantec products , which had been good . my experience with this product was unfortunately , very poor . first - the product claims to be able to clone your boot partition , but this failed repeatedly , creating cloned partitions which were not bootable . second - tech support failed to provide an answer for days while i eventually figured out myself that i needed to use the bootable media to make a clone of my system disk - something the windows application was happy to try and fail at without warning . even when i attempted to provide this information to tech support so they could answer similar questions for others , they did n't get what i was saying and sent me another form letter response detailing how to make a copy ( instructions which failed of course ) . third - on another occasion , even using the bootable media , i got the error " 1517 " when attempting to clone by boot partition . searching the web revealed others having this problem , and symantec tech support full of bogus solutions for it . fourth - no support for usb / firewire drives with the bootable media . on the plus side - it did resize partitions i asked it to without trouble ( i give it one extra star for something working ) 
software neg 12.txt this is the worst version of adobe illustrator to be released since version 9. opens files that i 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ' saved ' versions . crashes . ca n't save for mysterious reasons . writes " version 10 " files with text split into pieces . such a fine product ! really glad i paid money for it ! ! i downgraded back to irritator 10 
camera pos 359.txt i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses 
dvd pos 128.txt i have been waiting for this dvd to come out for a very long time ! it is a hilarious movie based on a true story about the creation of the bradley war tank . it shows how the promotion system in the military used to push for new war products to be used , even if they were not acceptable for use , and the struggle of one man to do the right thing . you will not stop laughing while watching this movie ! 
dvd pos 29.txt i first caught the black swan several years ago on television and was immediately blown away . sure , it 's just a swashbuckler , just a pirate film - with the usual plot , the usual bits and pieces . there 's nothing outrageously distinctive about the black swan , at least at first sight . ty power stars as jamie boy , expert pirate who ends up by plot machinations in the employ of ex-pirate and now governer of jamaica , captain morgan laird cregar ) . morgan 's been given a pardon for his dastardly deeds and with his new title attempts to rid the seas of the dastardly buccaneers , sending jamie boy off to find george sanders ' captain leech . only there 's a twist in the mix - and some dastardly fop 's out to make a mockery of morgan by using leech as his private pirate to ruin the governer . to make matters worse jamie not only seemingly disappears - apparently in league with the nefarious leech , but he also kidnaps the previous governer 's daughter , played with feistyness by catherien o'hara.... . so it 's all the usual stuff - kidnapping , sword-fighting , stealing , drinking , pacts with arch enemies and stock characters throughout . but you know what - it 's not that you know what you 're getting , it 's that you get a whole lot more than you ever thought you would . sure , everything 's the same , but somehow strangely different . the story and characters are as seen before - but with the likes of sanders , power and o'hara as the love interest , and the great character actor cregar playing against type - you have life breathed into the character 's that 's so often lacking . and the original story by one rafael sabatini - who also brought us captain blood and the sea hawk - is a rip-roaring boys-own adventure . director henry king - no stranger to producing similar adventure styled flicks - cracks the picture along with some sense of urgency . it 's a spare , fluid film with a simple , but fun , narrative and visual splendour that puts other films , even those made today , out to pasture . this dvd manages to capture that splendour in abundance - the technicolor photography is gorgeously rendered herein , with all of the detailed production and costune design seen at its best . just check out the restoration comparison to see how good . in addition the disc also features a fine commentary from historian rudy behlmer . if you want a cracking piece of entertainment that puts shame to modern counterparts of the genre , look no further 
software neg 7.txt this dude is selling info that you can learn from anyone with very limited computer knowledge . all of the same info is on the net for free . this product exists for one purpose.. . to steal from you . this pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . he could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product.. . but scams seem to be his thing . avoid ! ! this is the worst company that i have ever delt with in my entire life . this john guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . he is an embarrasement to his company and his family . at least a mugger steals from me face to face.. . this snake is sneaky about it 
dvd neg 799.txt dolph lundgren stars as a mercenary sent to kill a tribal leader and then him discovering the wrong of his nation , dull and just plain pointless ( and stupid ) action film suffers from inept action scenes and logic lapses . lundgren is imposing but ca n't act 
software neg 895.txt please see reviews of the previous version 7.0. the adobe activation process can cause a lot of continuing problems for legitimate users of this software . too bad such good software is hampered by such a process . being in the software business , i do n't mind companies worrying about piracy and taking some measures but this is a bit too much . you might need to allow the software to access the internet regularly to keep your activation ( and not bother you with notices of reactivation ) but that also means you open it for adobe to do their push marketing into their software . i have used adobe products for over 15 years and have always liked them . too bad , they have lost the customer focus in their rage for software piracy and greed for intrusive marketing 
music neg 900.txt there is not enough space for me to explain why this film ( and soundtrack ) are woefully inadequate of the name dr. seuss . the fact that there are so many songs on the album screams commercialism ( what the book was complaining about , wake up people ! ) and james horner 's score which has a couple of nice moments but does n't have that seussian sound . ' where are you christmas ' is annoying beyond all reason and i mean both versions . and whose bright idea was it to have jim carrey mangle ' you 're a mean one ' ? if you 're looking for a more grinch like score , go find elfman 's nightmare before christmas 
dvd neg 919.txt i watched this film yesterday at a library , and found its lack of depth and analysis to be dumbfounding . during the first minute , they tell how the revolution began when high bread prices sparked a violent uprising . during the next 99 minutes they narrate the chronological events of increasing violence , using acted scenes , fake blood and sound bytes from " scholars " , to give a " play-by-play " summary of the carnage and beheadings , leading up to a mention of napoleon . during the last thirty seconds , they surprisingly conclude by saying that the french revolution was a very good thing , because it inspired china and vietnam and because louis was a tyrant . prior to this little or no mention had been made of louis ' tyranny , although the film had dwelt on his bedroom difficulties in some detail and also mentioned his weight problem a few times . after watching 90 minutes of bloody scenes , i found the films conclusion that the french revolution was a good thing to be an incomprehensible non sequitur . i would have liked to have seen some historical analysis to support this conclusion 
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing . 
music pos 418.txt wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album 
camera pos 553.txt i purchased this for my canons500. i have it for over a year now and it is still as good as new . good quality construction and a great look & feel 
music pos 379.txt this soundtrack cd is the perfect compliment to the visionary film- -cater burwells score is a pitch-perfect aural equivocation of the profound sadness and blithe absurdity on display , with his sense of minimalist suggestiveness and rich textural instincts shining bightly.also an added bonus of the above-mentioned dream combination- -bartok 's & quot ; allegro&quot ; ( i know diddly about classical music , but bartok rocks ! ! ) , and a typically great bjork song&quot ; amphibian&quot ; ( in two versions ) , that book-ends the album with an etherial , dream-like haze 
camera neg 43.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months 
health pos 253.txt as expected , the new 7180xl razor delivers a close and comfortable electric shave , even though it runs much slower than earlier models . the slow speed does make it very quiet and the new cleaning method is very handy . just 2 noticable disappointments : 1. the external power supply is a rather combersome change from former norelco products . 2. the exclusion of a storage case is certainly an unwelcome " feature " of an otherwise good product at a premium price 
music neg 70.txt i was never much of a chili peppers fan over the years , but i thought i 'd give them a chance and listen to this disc.and just as i always thought , it 's crap . very few bands have been able to pull off the repulsive people / repulsive music combo as thoroughly as these guys have . i feel like i need a bath after just looking at their picture . as far as the " music " is concerned , the singing is awful ( deadpan monotone voice ) , the instrumentation is very limited , and the overall production is 2nd rate . the only plus , if any , is that the band manages to show some progression on the newer material , which is still not very good . the fact that this band has been successful over the years just proves that a lot of people have really bad taste . 
dvd neg 88.txt personally , i found 8 1 / 2 to be one of the most boring films i 've ever seen . it was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . i understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue . having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . perhaps 8 1 / 2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :p 
dvd pos 699.txt the scene where eric idle whines " oh , you 're no fun anymore ! " is a deceptive one . if anything , these guys are even more fun than before . the second half of monty python 's flying circus 's first season is even more polished and mad than the first , continuing the tradition of short skits focused on complete insanity . in these episodes , we have : a serial-killer barber ; lecherous art critics ; an unfortunate man who tries to eat a cathedral , tunnel to java and jump the english channel ; ken shabby , every girl 's dad 's nightmare ; thuggish old ladies ; bloodthirsty librarians who want to hire a gorilla ; camel-spotting ; and prime ministers falling through the earth 's crust . the longest and most bizarre skit is one where people mysteriously start turning into scotsmen and streaming north of the border . soon " scotland will be choked with scotsmen , " and england is pretty much abandoned . the culprits : tennis-playing , human-devouring blancmanges from the galaxy of andromeda . and , of course , the stuff that has become comedy legend : the scene where john cleese tries to return a dead parrot to a pet store ( " it 's a stiff ! bereft of life , it rests in peace ! " ) , and the lumberjack song ( " i cut down trees . i skip and jump / i like to press wild flowers / i put on women 's clothing / and hang around in bars.. . " ) . of course , no mere description can do justice to the comic brilliance of these dozens of skits . these five brits ( and one american , who did the little cartoons ) created some of the most unabashed , naughty , nasty , and just plain weird comedy ever , which still influences everything from saturday night live to author jasper fforde . and all of this by men who often dress up as the world 's most unattractive girls , with only a tiny budget and minimal cast . the 70s production values are omnipresent , and they are decidedly unpolitically correct . but in a weird way , these only make it even funnier than it would have been otherwise - - the writing and acting are pure , raw , unrefined comedy . probably the most memorable actors here are cleese and idle . cleese does his psychotic shrieks better than anyone , as well as having that rubbery lanky body and howling monkey voice . and eric idle does a good job as everyone from a housewife to a wannabe mountain climber , while michael palin does a brilliant job as people who are timid or insane . by this point , the monty python guys had polished up their skits and reached a steady plateau of comic brilliance . in other words , it 's funny and should be watched 
software neg 516.txt spyware doctor was a fine malware detection product , but it is now broken . i 've used various versions for quite a while ( windows 2000 , windows xp ) but 5.0 is not working reliably . sd will not keep running on xp . the new 5.0 program unloads the onguard & immunizer functions without warning on xp . the speed issue had been a problem ( even with 1 gb ram ) , but they seemed to have addressed that issue before 5.0. on vista 5.0 will not uninstall . when you attempted to uninstall , it sends you to their website telling you how great the product is . when you ask tech support for help , they suggest uninstalling using safe mode ( which cannot connect to their website ) . spyware doctor will not uninstall using ( windows installer cleanup utility - msicuu2 ) as there is no entry . the vista machine hangs and stalls . the obnoxious redirection to the pctools website puts this product in the spyware category . their tech support has been very slow ( during the week , during business hours for a subscribed user with multiple purchased units ) . next ! 
software neg 356.txt many repetitions are necessary in order to acquire a second language or a third , but the monotony of this program does not keep your interest for long , is so boring and offers not variety at all . this program will take away the excitement for learning another language even for the most motivated individuals , and will not help to acquire fluency because it does not equip you with the tools to construct language on your own . it does not contain essential grammar instruction , it is an error to suppose that the same grammatical rules of your language can be applied to other languages ( french is not a translation of english , or spanish , or any other language ) . grammar becomes essential especially when you are trying to construct correct structures on your own ; this program claims to help you learn " naturally " but leaves huge gaps by neglecting grammar , culture , conversational structures , and clear understanding , not natural ! for adults translation is necessary when trying to internalize the concepts , adults already have an understanding of language and are equipped to learn differently than children , sometimes even faster . i do not believe that " learning a second language like a child " is an accurate statement to describe this program , children are immersed in the culture , everything around them is the " real deal " , not repetitious pictures and recordings . children receive verbal and non-verbal input constantly , and adults have greater cognition than children do . looking at a picture while you listen a recoding might give you a vague idea of what it means , but there is not accuracy . it is very unlikely that you will internalize a concept that you do not fully understand . rosetta stone approach might be very effective when memorizing vocabulary and simple sentences , but i could achieve the same by purchasing flash cards for a fraction of the cost of this overrated , and overpriced program . 
camera neg 941.txt my husband bought me this camera for my birthday in may 2006. i loved this camera . well , it stopped working on christmas eve . i used it that morning with no problems , put it on the charger to recharge for later that evening . when i removed the camera that evening , the screen remained black . it would not take any pictures . after talking with the customer service folks , i sent my camera in for repair . it was under warranty , and i had not done anything to break the camera . well , they voided my warranty stating that it was " impact damage " and my repair bill was $111.00. you have got to be kidding . i called to question the voided warranty since i had not dropped the camera . the technician i spoke to explained that " impact damage " could happen if the camera bumped up to something in your purse . so i asked to speak to a manager . i am sorry , but if i am going to spend this much money on a camera , i expect a little better quality . i have called and email the kodak company several times to have someone talk to me . nobody has bothered to return either my calls or emails . i would seriously think twice before spending money on a camera that can break by no fault of your own only to have the warranty voided and billed an amount comparable to a brand new camera . i have discovered that the quality of a product is only as good as the company that will stand behind it . 
dvd pos 396.txt i just wanted to say this is a great workout . i love the eastern dance styles . i have just written a long review of honey 's bollywood workout , and people were saying the same things , too fast etc...but indian dance is taught by imitation , and is very expressive facially and bodily ( especially the classical dances ) and open to improv . bollywood and bhangra are an extension of classical . most do n't realize eastern dance is learned and practiced in a vigorous manner imitating , learning , and memorizing from the beginning . the teachers of the classical and indian dances do not like to break up the steps and movement or slow them unless they are so , because you lose the inspiration and the feeling of whatever you may be portraying . so have fun with this , it 's awesome and leaves room for your own interpretation of things as mentioned . and it really wears you out . plus everyone looks great dancing and celebrating the movement and abilities of the body no matter the dance form ! but i find eastern to be the most passionate , feminine , beautiful , and divine . have fun 
camera neg 987.txt it sounds like a good system if it worked . you cannot use this system or the indoor camera if you or your neighbors within 300 feet have : a wireless computer network , or a cordless phone ( 2.4 ghz ) , or a microwave that is running . i 'm not kidding - i ca n't believe this even passed testing . i think mobicam has a newer system that you should investigate owning . those have lots of reviews . pay attention to them 
health pos 791.txt we use these in all of our humidifiers and they do a great job 
music pos 898.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
health neg 174.txt the seams on the pillow are sharp and uncomfortable . the extra pouches that supposedly provide additional support do n't measure up . the snaps that should hold the ends together do n't work . basically , it would be ok if it came with a soft cover 
books pos 626.txt this book provides great insight on modern business development concepts and design techniques . the framework provided will save hours of time spent building common libraries or frameworks . the industry support via codeplex and the csla forum site speak volumes of the value it provides . 
health pos 674.txt nicely designed . , effecitve , close shave , very reasonable cost , but..could they tell you simply how to turn it on ? embarassed to admit , took me almost 15 minutes to figure out the on / off feature 
health neg 826.txt way too expensive for little in return . the same size piece of dark chocolate with the same calorie content would be just as filling . [...] 
books neg 36.txt i was very disapointed in the book.basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others , twisted their words and put his own spin on it.it repeats itself over and over being so repetative i had to put it down.there are good books out there written by people who were there.i suggest you take a look at those.i read many good one 's but this book wasnt in that catagory 
dvd pos 350.txt all things aside , the other kid in the movie the caddie friend that has the episode at the end [stated this way without ruining the ending]played a great part as a supporting actor . his name is justin goncalves i think . this kid was very believable in every aspect of the part he played . in fact i think he stole the scenes when he was onscreen with the gamble kid . believability is important and this kid carried his weight the entire movie for what limited scenes he had . i was particularly impressed with the part he played . 
software pos 681.txt i 've been using printmaster for years to create greeting cards , party invitations , banners and posters for my kids ' school . this version has a lot of great new art and images and my son has even made personalized cover for his ipod . i 'd reccomend it to anyone who likes printmaster or wants to create great-looking projects at home 
dvd neg 738.txt while i absolutely love the show on pbs , this season was mispackaged . the box and dvd were both labeled series 3 , but when you view it the episodes are exactly the same as series 1 / 2. unfortunately , i did n't try watching this disc until several months after i bought it . if you buy this , be sure you view it promptly to be certain it 's the correct series 
camera pos 21.txt good remote . can be finnicky at times if not lined up correctly with the camera 
software neg 388.txt i buy this dvd from amazon and try to play it but my desktop ca n't read any data on the dvd , like it 's blank . so i send it back for a replacement and it has the same problem . both my desktops ca n't read any data on the dvd but my laptop can play it fine . next i contact git corp and they say burning software can conflict with it so i uninstall nero and it still wont work . git corp says they do n't know what the problem is and passes it to their developers . i have n't heard back from them . all 3 comps run xp , 3 different dvd drives , do n't know what 's wrong ! i have no problems playing the avengers , spiderman , or x-men dvds 
health neg 247.txt i bought this scale to replace my previous scale with body fat option . it was not easy to use , as you have to put in your information unless you want to use kilograms , and you still have to enter your height in meters . all that aside , it continues to tell me that my body fat is between 14 and 15%. am i an athlete ? no . am i female ? yes . is 14% body fat possible ? ? ? well let 's just say it is highly unlikely . i ca n't comment on the water numbers it gives me because i do n't really have anything to go on there , but even at my fittest i was over 20% body fat , and that was a while ago. . 
music pos 561.txt when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music 
books pos 675.txt these came yesterday and i started using them right away . i was able to learn ( for recognition only ) 12 new jlpt3 kanji in under 30 minutes so this product is definitely worth it . before using this i learned all jlpt4 kanji by writing it over and over again on scratch paper . that was a more thorough method but ive decided that for now , recognition is more important than writing so wrp flashcards are a big help . as others have noted , they have a nice look and feel to them . all nihongo students should have this in their arsenal . you 'll definitely have an advantage over fellow classmates who waste valuable time making their own flashcards . 
health neg 304.txt they claim that it helps you fall asleep and keeps you asleep . i did fall asleep sooner , but was n't able to stay asleep . i did n't find it to work well at all . 
health neg 695.txt before the very first filter ever even finished , it started to crack all over.. . cheap produc 
books pos 714.txt the book gives you the tech you need , in terms you can understand . calder is very impressive in his ability to impart knowledge to the layman . do n't however , assume this is just fluff overview , because it truly is the down and dirty of how it works and how to maintain it . 
health neg 3.txt when i got this pedometer , i found that the instructions were n't clear . i never did get the thing to work . i have had pedometers before and they have always been easy to operate . this one wasn't . the pedometer does n't cost enough to go through the hassle of returning it at your cost . it 's just easier to buy a new one . however , i suggest that you purchase it in person from a sporting goods or health store 
software pos 210.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful . 
dvd pos 304.txt this is definately worth the price . i cried and laughed watching the perfect story of chi and hedeki . beautiful animation , great story line 
music pos 322.txt guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gonna love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits 
books pos 318.txt at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read ! 
music neg 781.txt golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank . 
camera pos 230.txt this is a replacement for an identical battery pack that i lost . works great , long life , no problems 
software pos 447.txt i bought this title because the first typing instructor for kids got such good reviews . i was looking for a way to teach my 8yo son keyboarding . he has always had a terrible time with handwriting . i knew i needed really easy , slow-paced typing instruction for him , or he would n't get it . well , it 's 6 months later and he can now type ! we did it with nothing but this software . i made him practice about 10 min / day 5 - 7 days / week . all in all , he found it to be work to learn this new skill , but still rather enjoyable . there are 11 games included and several of them are very good - - meaning they are really fun and build typing skills at the same time . there is also a series of drills , lessons , and typing tests to teach the keyboard . the keyboard is introducted a few keys at a time , and then you repeat the related drills , lessons , tests , and games until those keys are learned fairly well . i had to require my son to keep repeating each section of the keyboard until he could do it at 15 wpm before letting him go to the next section . this is what the software recommends , but i had to learn it the hard way . at first , i let my son go ahead too fast and he ended up getting overwhelmed . i ended up having to put a sticker chart on the wall and offering him prizes for getting to 15 wpm on each section . i would recommend this software for children from 6 to about 11. the cartoon characters are very juvenile and would probably offend a child any older than that . however , for any adolescent or adult able to ignore the juvenile cartoons , this would be an excellent way to learn to type too . i found that my typing skills improved just by occasionally using this software . 
software pos 958.txt if you are serious about learning spanish this software is n't enough . you will need to purchase a spanish-english dictionary - i like barron 's spanish dictionary because it came with a free down loadable software version - and a spanish audio series such as pimsleur or learning spanish like crazy ( lslc ) . a verb conjugation book is a good idea too , i like the big red book of 555 spanish verbs . finally , just like back in the day , you should either buy flashcards or create your own to build up your vocabulary when you ca n't stand to look at the computer monitor even one second longer . now here 's the part of the puzzle that rosetta stone will help you with : it is very repetitive and requires interaction with picture / word association . i have found that this burns the words into my mind and that the photos help me to recall a word or phrase . rosetta stone will also help you with reading comprehension as well as spelling - as long as you use all the lesson plans and resist the temptation to just do the fun parts . but the speech recognition feature is not as good at teaching you to speak spanish as a high quality audio series such as pimsleur or lslc . the advantage of the speech recognition is that you can slow down the word or phrase being spoken . so if you want to slow down the word " mujer " you can hear how the native speaker uses the hard h sound on the j and a slight roll on the last r ; it 's great for pronunciation but not effective for learning how to handle yourself in a conversation . in summary , rosetta stone is not a one stop shop . it is n't as mobile as an audio series on your ipod . and it is n't going to make learning spanish a thoughtless and easy task . i recommend that you buy this software and use it but understand that you are paying $500 primarily for word / picture association and the ability to analyze your pronunciation of individual words and phrases . also , keep your spanish dictionary handy to alleviate any confusion . the whole childlike learning approach is good , but your adult skills will definitely help to speed up the process . 
camera neg 188.txt this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly . 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
dvd neg 946.txt i first viewed this movie on cable , that same night , i purchased the movie from this seller . to date , i have had no responses to email , no communication what so ever , and still have not received this tape in the mail . very disappointed , and not recommended to purchase from this seller 
music neg 126.txt he just needs to retire . screw this non-gangsta . no real g sings , they just rap , god 
camera neg 508.txt i bought this for my 9 year old son to take movies and edit on the pc . it worked for about 2 days before there was no image from the lens to either the lcd or the viewfinder . i could see other information on the lcd , such as the date , time , menu , but no image from the screen . i called samsung and that is where it is now for repairs . a check of the web indicated that this problem is well documented . i did try to install the software that came with the camera , but that did not go to well either . i will retry when i get a working camera again . 
dvd pos 818.txt great movie and musical numbers courtesy of quincy jones and the wonderful cast . 
books pos 380.txt i have just finished reading & quot ; the power of ethical management , & quot ; and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly 
dvd pos 33.txt ****this comment may contain spoilers ! *** anyone who saw this growing up has a soft spot in their hearts for it ; i 've encountered enough people over the course of my 37 yrs who perk up at the mention of it to be aware of its place in a lot of our memories . this has been satirized on the simpsons , which proves it has embedded itself in the national pop culture consciousness . anyone who has read the book its based on , the incredible " i am legend " by richard matheson , knows that this film has very little in common with it beyond its intial premise- -and even that is not followed too closely . all of the criticisms of the omega man are valid : it is very dated and not at all scary or intense and some of the stunts and special effects are laughably , ludicrously cheesy ; the villains- -who should have been more terrifying than even romero 's zombies- -are just crazed albino hippie luddites and the last half of the film , once chuck hooks up with rosalind cash and the kiddies , is really a let down . but the scenes that open the film of heston hefting a cool-looking machine gun while decked out in austin powers-style finery ( ! ) staring in angst at an old calendar or losing his mind for a moment hallucinating the sound of telephones ringing in the deserted city still pack a punch . this was the second movie , after 1959 's the world , the flesh , and the devil , to successfully pull off the eerie effect of being the last living human being in a huge empty city . both films established the visual motif of streets filled with blowing waves of newspapers and swirling trash.after years of seeing this on tv - - a guaranteed late september or early october event every year for a few years on the local tv station during my pacific northwest childhood in the old dark ages before cable tv and the videocassette revolution , its nice to see this movie on dvd with a beautiful widescreen transfer . it looks and sounds great . as a child i always liked the music , particularly the " surprise party " theme that plays when the villains make thir first appearance . it rocks here in all its xylophone and funky electric organ and horns glory 
dvd neg 602.txt holly played by kristen miller ( she spies , man of the year ) has a nice career as a journalist with her friend played by brooke burns ( baywatch , death of the supermodels ) . the 2 of them fight over the owner of a restaurant named zucas ( i think thats close enough ) runned by actor tod babcock ( guard dogs , poor white trash ) . when holly gets pissed off at her friend because she slept with mr. babcock she tries to find a new place to live and low and behold she finds a new shy roommate tess , played by allison lange ( the hillside strangler , roswell ) . holly becomes close to tess and they seem to hit it off real well , until holly finds out some things about tess that makes her think that maybe this wasnt such a good idea . well , in 1992 , jennifer jason leigh did this to bridget fonda and now they make a sequel about it , wow , they must of went threw tons of scripts just to get to this one . pretty much the young girls on screen are eye candy and the acting is pretty bad plus the twists and thrills arent that great . this can go down with basic instinct 2....in the trash can or the skeet shoot , one of the two . also starring francois giroday ( carpool guy , framed ) , tracey mccall ( not another teen movie , second degree ) , rif hutton ( osmosis jones , halfway decent ) and kyme ( school daze , geppetto ) . 
health pos 51.txt i mean come on , who needs 5 blades right ? well , after thoughtful consideration of the major improvement that the mach iii was over a twin head razor , i decided that $10 was worth the price of a cheap thrill so i took the plunge , and to my surprise this thing works beyond my expectations . the first thing i noticed was that this new fusion has a more powerful engine than the mach iii . the second thing i found was that this razor gives me a much closer shave than the mach iii , and with very little effort , and those tight spots that my old razor would always miss are not a problem anymore . and i find this razor to be very comfortable without a single nick that others have complained about . but i do use this razor strictly for my face if you know what i mean . haw haw 5 blade 
software neg 263.txt this software is useless . it is a slow and a system resource hog . you can download dozens of free apps that do a better job than this for free 
music pos 769.txt this is the type of music to sit down , relax , put on a pair of headphones and let it absorb your concious . from spacey sounding electronics to soft vocals over piano to heart pounding rhythms to skittering percussion...this is just a taste of what is supersilent , and from what i hear it is all improvised which blows my head clean off . all this coming from someone who has never heard them before...talk about a great buy ! highly , highly recommended , i close my eyes , to awaken among the cosmos traveling without a tangible body , drunk with the infinite beauty , i sigh without a mouth and think. . 
music neg 240.txt first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing 
dvd neg 396.txt i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it 
software neg 32.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. . 
books pos 384.txt it seems as if it is impossible for a.s byatt to write a bad or even a mediocre story . after this novel , she is one of my new absolute favorites and i have vowed to read everything this amazing author has written . i began to read the virgin in the garden , and could not put it down . i was enraptured by the beautiful descriptions of the two contrasting " elizabethian ages " and the characters . frederica has to be one of the most despicable , and yet intriguing literary characters in years . my breath was also taken away by the story of marcus potter- -a haunting , amazing character that will stay with you for days . the way byatt writes , she transports you to 1950s england and the lives of the potters . i felt as if i knew these characters like family , and could almost sit down to lunch with them by the end of the book . her style , timing , and subtle metaphors of passion and life are irresistible and amazing . this is truly a writer who will stand the test of time to become an icon in the likes of the brontes , jane austen , and kate chopin . i cannot wait to share this book with everyone i know . highly , highly reccomended . go to the bookstore or your local library , ignore the new glossy bestsellers that try and cheat you out of your money and instead pick up this gorgeous , powerful read that new authors cannot hold a candle to . 
books pos 512.txt the book & quot ; communicating effectively&quot ; is a home run ! the format invites an easy read with quick reference potential . building on the fundamentals of good communication lani takes us around the bases and adds authentic and practical ways of dealing with issues we all face . she brings us home again with new skills learned and a more effective game plan to approach the communication challenge 
music neg 54.txt this one is for you . but honestly now , the guy does n't write- -beautiful voice- -but songwriting is a major appeal . so guess a solo garfunkel is a lot like a step above justin timberlake . ok , there are definitely highlihgts like a heart in newyork , ( what a ) wonderful world , but generally this a very casual compilation , good for a couple listens . in general , art garfunkel is n't really good for more than that . check out him witht paul simon , that is amazing stuff , but this is kinda boring . i might have a bit more respect if he wrote the songs- -but even though there are good songwriters writing for him , the songs are still sub-par 
music neg 403.txt perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched 
books neg 678.txt at first glance this is a great book . however , once you 've read it a few times you begin to notice the bottles of coke that feature in almost every illustration . the author , illustrator , and publisher should be ashamed of themselves . we all know that kids are exposed to lots of advertising on tv and at the movies , but do we really need to start worrying about product placements in children 's books as well ? this is a clever book and i was looking forward to sharing it with friends and exploring the other books in the series . the greed of those involved with this book have changed my mind , however 
software pos 371.txt this unit works well , the software is a little hinky . it does not explain when to attach the spyder , but if you keep going back you can figure it out . other than that i am satisfied . 
music pos 333.txt this is without doubt the most beautiful , moving song i have ever heard . i cry every time i listen to it . i will ask my family to have it played at my funeral . the lyrics and symbolism are born of emotional genius . the solo vocalist and the instrumentation are flawless . this selection is the hope diamond of contemporary music 
music pos 573.txt the rosary is very well produced . a powerful tool to crush the devils head 
software neg 581.txt i foolishly purchased 7.0. it worked ok for a few months then just kept hanging up my system . funny , it started hanging up when 7.5 was released . i tried to get " customer support " but that 's a joke . do yourself a favor , do not buy anything from roxio . i 'd given this software negative stars if i could . spend your money elsewhere . 
camera neg 602.txt after doing a bunch of research , i bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective sony ccd that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . the first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . after a few days of that , the camera dies completely . the second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . one camera . . . a fluke maybe . but two ? that suggests a real problem so beware . 
books pos 495.txt terry 's son , nile , has honored his father ( and done the rest of us a huge favor ) by publishing this collection of the best of terry 's shorter works . terry concluded at one point that film had surpassed literature as the communication medium of choice , and devoted most of the rest of his life to that arena . his interview " on screenwriting " describes both the benefits and the frustrations associated with that choice . his advice is just as relevant to the would-be screenwriter today as it was when he wrote it . his " proposed scene for kubrick 's rhapsody , " and " plums and prunes , " provide interesting examples of proposed movie scenes that will prove interesting to readers unfamiliar with that arcane art . as other reviewers have noted , " grooving in chi " is an excellent description of the chicago riots during the democratic national convention in 1968. finally , pieces like " the beautiful-ugly art of lotte lenya , " " when film gets good , " " rolling over our nerve-endings [william burroughs] , " and " writers at work [henry green] " prove that he could write serious criticism . through it all flows that wonderful , irreverent , sense of humor . good stuff 
health pos 55.txt this book is beautiful outside , i love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front . what i do not like is how there is no specific places to write in , you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me , i wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..for example one blank page will say , " all about mom " then another that says " baby shower " etc..but the pages are blank . i need more structure 
software neg 890.txt this software is fine for altering digital pictures if you do not have any other programs , but if you want to make exciting slideshows , this software is very basic and not user-friendly . i had technical problems from the start . you are better off using ms powerpoint than this software 
health pos 949.txt it works very well . i bought it for my wives calves . she has thick ones and after working out it become more thick . using this product , her calves become soft and getting thin . i 've used it too , i can relax with it because it helps the blood circulation . 
books neg 217.txt this was required reading for my british literature class . it 's the only novel in the class that i struggled with and only struggled from boredom . it is entirely possible that i just do not understand the genius that is forster , but i did not enjoy this novel . a lover of forster or modernist writing might enjoy it more . it must be a classic for a reason . 
dvd pos 848.txt i 'm very very picky about my action movies and this one is worth the trouble . story line shmory line , this is an action movie . i watch my action movies for action not a lesson in philosophy and religion . kind of a heartbreaking movie , though , because he 's dead no matter what . the man ca n't sleep or he slips in a coma . going out with a bang with a freefall from a helicopter telling his woman how much he loved her.. . that 's a film . you wo n't regret owning this , i promise you . p.s. it is very possible that the negative reviewers are crackbabies . that is all 
dvd neg 65.txt fellini brings light on space instead of space on light . he brings mysticism to the movie not the movie to mysticism . he brings boredom and rattling to a new height . lots of nice emotionalism and sweat . waging tongues and blood . candles and tits . bondage and perversion . we learn italian words that we can not use . here is a good tidbit " child of aphrodite and hermes...hermaphrodite . " the subtitles conveniently disappear at crucial moments . even in italian the voices do not match the sound . one of the roman dudes encolpio ( martin potter ) finally got a real part as " doctor who " in1983. 
dvd pos 355.txt i purchased this dvd because it said it was an easier pilates video to do ; basically anyone , even beginners , could do it . i have to disagree . i started this video and tried to do all of the 5 , ten minute sections . it was n't completely hard , but definitely challenging . i am not the most fit person , but also not the most unfit . i had a harder time because i am just not as limber as you should be to use this pilates video . i am not saying i would n't suggest it , i am just saying it 's not definitely for beginners . however , the instructions are clear and since it 's broken up into the five-ten minute sections it gets even lazy people like me to get off the couch and do it 
camera neg 131.txt " you get what you pay for " most of the time that cliche is true , but there are products out there that break this rule . the philips dvp642 is one of them , a great quality , versatile product selling at a bargain price . this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the " glowing " reviews on here . however , this quality of this monopod is very disappointing . first of all , you have to ask yourself , why do you need a monopod over a tripod ? for myself and most , it 's because we need some stability and portability for our telephoto zoom lenses . however , telephoto zooms are long and heavy so the monopod should be designed strong and solid to live up to the task . this monopod does n't even come close . here are it 's bad points : -the aluminum construction is very cheap quality . the leg segments wobble laterally when you extend and close them . it feels like thin , cheap aluminum and the monopod feels it could break in half like a toothpick at any time . -the head is very cheap and not solid . no matter how tight i tightened the head , my camera would slope down . the workmanship of the head is so cheap that at any point , you think that you 're going to break the plastic tightening screw if you tighten it too much . i think we 've all experienced that in the past . -the leg locks are not tight . when you push down on the monopod , the leg segments slide back into themselves . in the end , it was a risk i took hoping that i could get a high-quality product for a cheap price . sometimes , you can get away with that . walmart sells a very decent functioning tripod for only $30. in this case , i should 've bought a real monopod . oh well , i wasted $16 that i could 've used to help pay for a higher quality monopod 
health pos 953.txt i had reasently bought this vibrator because i like trying out did kinds of vibrators to get more pleasure from and well i would have to say this one and my magic wand vibrator , well i like this one better because it is cordless so i can use it anywhere in my home even away from an outlet like in my car and no cord gets in the way . it also has a very flexable soft head that feels really very good when i use it . it has really strong motor that can make me have some exteme orgasms that fell very good . and last it looks to be made very well so it probly will last pretty long i hope so . 
software pos 544.txt well its definetly improved version since the last one , but they still have a lot of things to do . the biggest problem is pages . if text has specific symbols , like greek letters and u try to export your file to doc , forget it . u 'll have the same problem as 10 yrs ago , either funky symbols or underline dashes . keynote is much better . but if u r a scientist and not a sales man , both packages still have a lot of room for improvement . however , i 'm still happy with this purchase , because it 's apple soft and looks much nicer than any ms software will get in the future 
camera neg 820.txt huge problems with the lcd screen , two cameras within one month after purchase showed the lcd " shattered . " one has already been shipped for service and the other one will be going in tomorrow . sure it is easy to use and produces great pictures , but the lcd problem is a definite negative . 
camera pos 422.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures 
dvd neg 75.txt seriously , i am an expert , and this movie sucks . but , imagine for a moment- -yes , stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices- -a movie whose premise is truly profound , strikingly engaging , and culturally challenging- -that art is only such relative to those individuals , those ` experts ' , whose tastes , likes and dislikes , decide it so . given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical- -a matter of pure subjective opinion- -why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all ? besides this interesting question , which is put forth explicitly , without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry , and in about 60 seconds , the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration . avoid at all costs . 
software pos 868.txt i am so satisfied with this trendmicro security system , that i highly recommend it to everyone . without mentioning my previous system , this is tops ! i have never felt so secure before getting this system . thank you for being able to supply me with it . i hope through word of mouth and mail , that i have caused others to go for it . i do know of 3 people at least who are changing . thank you again 
music pos 990.txt i 'm not particularly familiar with sonic youth and the bits i 've heard from their other albums have n't really grabbed me . this does . the rhythm section would n't be out of place in pseudo-tribal funk , the guitars are dissonant , jangling , sometimes hypnotically repetitive , and just plain weird , and the vocals are distant , airy , lazy . some of the best music i 've heard in a good long while 
camera pos 496.txt i have enjoyed using my camera . i have been able to get some great pictures . the stabilization feature work well 
music pos 35.txt i was a music director at a college radio station when this came out , and along with a ton of other albums this one commanded my attention . shoegazers ? ? ? i am sure all the label slinging yahoos are still wiping the egg off their faces . its as if the band heard they were pigeonholed and gave them all the big finger . just buy it...and all the rest 
dvd neg 244.txt the " fake-news " tv movie had already be done , and done better , ten years ealier as " special bulletin " . where the first movie took its subject , nuclear disarmament and terrorism , seriously , this cheese-fest does n't respect the viewers ' intelligence at all . they pull every heartstring and throw every cheap trick they can think of at the camera . not of it ties together in any coherent way and the " make love not war " ending reeks of junior-high-school sophistry 
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night 
camera pos 94.txt this camera is excellent one ! ! really when you compare its price and its results and the level of quality you get you will know why this is the best in its category , i 'm getting a very professional results using it with a lot of styles. . highly recommended 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
health pos 748.txt really strong when just sprayed , but after a little while it gets soft , but at the same time not too soft . the perfume lasts for few hours , by the time i go to bed , the scent would still be there faintly , and i fall asleep to it . it is fresh and strong at first , then soft and sweet . love it 
books neg 653.txt i am sorry to say that i thoroughly disliked " of human bondage . " i know it is on every must read list for fiction ( which is why i decided to read it ) however , i just wonder how such a boring story can continually be relegated to such a hallowed position in literature ? not only did i find it dull but i was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the main character 's perception of women ! i 'm not a feminist in the least but most of the female characters were described in such pathetic ways . " yellow teethed " " sallow skin " " dirty hands " " tear stained over powdered face " , it goes on and on . i wondered if the author was uncomfortable women ? i looked online for some information about maugham . to my surprise i found out that maugham was bisexual . he did marry and have a child but for most of his life it sounded like he was involved with men . in no way can i say this substantiates or confirms the tone of the book - - but in some way it answered my question or concern . instead of this book i 'd recommend the following classics : beautiful and damned by f . scott fitzgerald , madame bovary by flaubert . at least in these books , maybe the female characters are not the most virtuous but the characters are written with such sensuality that even though they might not be described as gorgeous they are brought to life in the pages by the author with a kaleidoscope of words that makes them multidimensional - - good or bad . 
dvd neg 652.txt a dismal disappointment . i think you should rent it and find out for yourself before you actually own a copy . when i see the high ratings , i wonder if people have some investment in the selling of this product . the original lonesome dove mini series was unbelievably well done . a complete multifaceted joy . i was so excited when i saw there was a sequel and the joy of lonesome dove would continue . well it did n't and you can read why in more depth in other low ratings 
dvd neg 984.txt i have now seen several gerry anderson projects , many hits and some misses , this one is close to dead last for me ( wait , it is dead last ) . a priest driving a model t is the hero in this one . he also has a shrinking ray ( shrinks to like 1 / 3 normal ) that he uses on his assistant who is a groundskeeper / secret agent . sound interesting ? well , i got the set cheap so why not buy it ? if your an anderson fan as i am , it was worth the price , just do n't expect to show it to your friends as it 's really tame and slow plodding with model t car chases and not a whole lot of action . here is my ranking of the shows i like from gerry anderson so take that into account of your own tastes . #1 ufo ( a live adult sci-fi show with some great character development ) , #2 joe 90 ( the concept is great and the non continuous storylines work good here ) , #3 captain scarlet ( i love the concept and a lot of the shows fit in with the current war on terror to me ) , #4 thunderbirds ( had a corgi toy as a kid , it was the best show for kids on tv at the time ) , #5 stingray ( for the time , it was a great action kids show ) , #6 fireball xl5 ( like a stingray except in space and black and white ) , #7 the protectors ( eh , it 's ok ) , #8 space 1999 ( this is where my recommended shows stop , this show was so highly anticipated and quickly got really stupid even i could n't stay with it in the 70 's ) , #9 terrahawks ( just started watching it now it may move up above space 1999 and the protectors ) , #10 secret service . i have n't watched his other stuff and i know there is stuff out there like supercar but that would probably rank above secret service for me . 
camera neg 168.txt the camera worked perfectly for one week and then stopped working permanently . i just sent it off for repairs and have not received a diagnosis as to the root of the problem 
software pos 200.txt this new version of illustrator is great , glad i upgraded ! the live trace feature is cool 
dvd neg 565.txt i love britney so i went against the bad reviews ! man was i wrong it is sooooo bad ! ! its the worst dvd in history 
books neg 791.txt having recently graduated with a ba in english , i am forever doomed to read such so-called " truth texts " with what could only be called an eye for detail ; does the author site her sources ? credentials ? any sort of solid evidence as to why i , as her reader , should believe a word of what she says ? the answer is , simply , no . ms. cumbey quotes other texts by other zealotous fundamentalists , to be sure . however , the credentials of these people remain a mystery . anyone can write a book , and anyone with enough money can get it published . had i the funds , i could write a " revealing , riveting best seller " on the nature of human genomes and cloning and my opinions of the matter ; throw in a few quotes by people who may or may not sound like they know what they 're talking about , and there you go . the point is , my knowledge of such topics is sorely limited , as is ms. cumbey 's research . yet somehow a book that would never earn a passing grade in a collegiate literature course for lack of research and depth of understanding is littering our shelves . well , i 'm baffled 
dvd neg 288.txt the recent disappearance of spalding gray has made me realize what i do n't like about this film : its narcissism . it 's gray 's defining characteristic . after a while , despite jonathan demme 's fabulous direction ( he makes the best of a limited repertoire ) it just gets boring 
